Gore is getting rich from environmentalism , not just by being paid a whopping $ 175,000 per speech but by using political pressure to force government policy in a direction that benefits his business interests .
The Federal Housing Finance Regulatory Reform Act of 2008 should have been an easy sell , since it purportedly aimed to assist homeowners , a more popular ( or at least more sentimentalized ) subset of Americans than greedy Wall Street tycoons .
Yet for all its submerged class snobbery and anti-intellectualism disguised as cool detachment , the ultimate failure of the Washington media lies less with the personal failings of its elite members than its structural inadequacy .
Rumsfeld then went on to discuss how China 's lack of transparency with respect to its defense expenditures and activities raises doubts in the region about China 's intentions .
You never hear from the co-conspirators of the left-wing media how many innocent victims are dead , raped , and mutilated as a direct result of these left-wing policies and insane anti-gun laws .
And in a genuinely freed market , workers would find it significantly easier than they do at present to work for themselves , to say no to abusive work environments , and so to bargain effectively for appealing wages and working conditions and opportunities to direct their workplaces .
More generally , by structuring balance of payments accounts around the EPU rather than individual nations , and providing a number of mechanisms for harmonizing trade between surplus and deficit countries , the system also helped reduce austerity pressures on deficit countries , with beneficial consequences for the surplus countries as well .
We can not afford to spend $ 10 trillion over the next decade on dependency-inducing welfare schemes that have created an underclass , demoralized it , and drained taxpayers who are paying for programs that not only make poverty worse but that are notoriously rife with fraud and abuse .
He makes a good case that , despite the best intentions of government officials , the law should not be used as an instrument to achieve charitable or social ends .
A truly free people must have a strong military for use abroad , and effective law enforcement and counterterrorism forces to protect ordinary people in their daily lives .
The feminist movement , with its mockery of marriage and demands for absolute sexual freedom for women , unrestricted abortion rights , no-fault divorce , gender preferences , and mandated equality of men and women , was a frontal assault on the meritocracy and the traditional family .
No , the Bible does n't use the words `` original sin '' to describe sin , just as the word `` Trinity , '' is not used to describe the Godhead but that does n't make it any less true .
Third , it undermines confidence in American workers and businesses , eroding reliance on the hard work of millions of productive citizens to create wealth and opportunity .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page dubbed the current recovery the `` Dangerfield economy '' ( meaning it gets `` no respect '' ) and speculated that people only believe the economy is bad because they have been fed misleading reports by the biased liberal press .
Activists have filed a class-action lawsuit on behalf of sixty thousand out-of-state students who are forced to pay higher tuition in California , arguing that the state has been violating a federal law since it began giving illegal aliens reduced tuition in 2002 .
In that connection , Burgin reports , and seems to credit , a belief among the faithful that Friedman 's Nobel Prize was delayed by elite hostility to his public role as a champion of free markets .
Shareholders , like all stakeholders , will make a better determination about the use of their capital than bureaucrats who do n't ever suffer the downside of a bad investment .
By dominating one the Statist dominates both , for if the individual can not keep or dispose of the value he creates by his own intellectual and\/or physical labor , he exists to serve the state .
While some tax credits , such as the Earned Income Tax Credit , are beneficial , others , such as the tax preferences used to subsidize affordable housing , are extremely inefficient because much of the cost goes to financial speculators rather than tenants .
If slavery created any part of this wealth , then obviously it created wealth for black Americans .
It saved US capitalism from the risks of insufficient private-sector demand and of major social conflict between the devotees of capitalism and an angry working class that was better organized and mobilized than ever before or since .
And whereas wage cuts make the entire work force unhappy , layoffs make just the laid-off workers unhappy , and since they are no longer on the premises they do not demoralize the remaining work force by their unhappy presence .
The disincentives would include the loss of current tax credits that encourage offshoring , as well as the imposition of 25 percent tariffs on U.S. corporations that have offshored jobs and then re-import the products once made in the U.S. , now produced offshore , back to the U.S. .
When government tries to remove the risks , rewards , and consequences of decision-making , it destroys freedom .
Time magazine called it `` The Pill that Changes Everything , '' The New York Times Magazine dubbed it a `` little white bombshell , '' and anti-abortion leaders said over and over that this drug was dangerous because it would make having an abortion `` as trivial as taking aspirin .
Moore 's fans-urban white liberals-want gun control to disarm the minority criminals who threaten them , but they are n't going to admit that , so Moore concocted a fantasy for them about how dangerous those heavily armed rural rednecks are .
The extremist environmental movement asserts that we will soon face global warming-induced environmental catastrophes that can only be avoided by forcing Western capitalist nations , especially America , to adopt devastating energy taxes , ruinous new environmental regulations , and a massive wealth transfer to developing countries . ''
A desperate cry for change led to the election of a president who presided over a disastrous economy and was later forced to resign in disgrace .
Senator James Inhofe ( R-Okla . )
While it is impossible to identify who deserves credit for initiating the Tea Party Movement , it is remarkably easy to decide where to lay the blame for making such protests necessary .
Homosexual males engage in substance abuse and suffer mood and anxiety disorders , and major depression , as well as considering and actually attempting suicide , at rates far greater than do heterosexual males .
At the same time , the demise of socialism demonstrated the moral and economic superiority of capitalism , and working-class voters began to vote their aspirations rather than their fears , rejecting the big-government condescension of American liberalism in favor of the empowerment that accompanies lower taxes and deregulation , weakened unions , and global free trade .
He was the beloved son , figuratively speaking , of Alexander Hamilton , with his corrupt funding schemes , his superstitions concerning the advantage of a public debt , and a people taxed to make profits for enterprises that can not stand alone .
It 's always difficult for liberals to figure out how much they should enjoy pop culture that contradicts their values .
With congressionally set sentences , judges lost much of their ability to tailor punishment to particular offense and offender-a development that both limited the independent discretion judges had long enjoyed and sometimes produced grossly disproportionate results .
The French are an angry nation , envious , supercilious , and eager to show superiority over those who invented Coca-Cola and the Big Mac .
Contrary to this view , the Obama stimulus programs failed not only because they were of insufficient magnitude , they failed because their composition was exceptionally bad and their timing poor .
Too often our rights are violated by abusive and power-hungry EPA bureaucrats who use threats , coercion , and force to implement power grabs .
Unfortunately , all too often the politicians , analysts , and commentators misdiagnose the problem and misdirect popular resentment and outrage toward the wrong target : `` capitalism , '' `` deregulation , '' or `` free market economics .
The maternalist side of the New Deal stifled the creativity and economic independence of women , no doubt , but the industrial transformation of American life had subordinated them in a different , potentially more devastating way , by devaluing domestic labor and threatening the economic independence of the family , the strongest bulwark against the imperialism of the industrial economy .
The result has been the creation of new products and services , faster economic growth , higher profits for producers , and improved wellbeing for consumers .
Obama made it clear ( for example , through his comments that ATMs destroyed bank teller positions ) that he believes that certain private-sector innovation kills jobs .
Since 2005 , when matters were bad enough , attacks on Border Patrol agents increased every year , as the Department of Homeland Security admitted in a report released in December .
We have assigned pluses to the `` yeas '' because allowing Mexican trucks to travel freely across U.S. highways presents a threat to our national security and displaces American truckers whose jobs would be lost to Mexican workers .
Even if a value-creating innovation destroys jobs in the short run , the increased wealth will bring a great deal of job creation in its wake .
The other says that our inherent selfishness can be controlled through the functioning of the free market , which maximizes individual freedom and encourages the rational weighing of costs and benefits , making self-interest mutually advantageous and helping everyone in the long run .
What the confused onlookers forget is the other goods that the glazier might have produced , that would have added to the stock of wealth , had their energies not been diverted by a destructive act .
The issues to be confronted , then , are whether complete acceptance of the normality of homosexual behavior would lead to an increase in the number of homosexuals and whether there are good reasons to resist any policy that leads to unqualified approval of homosexual behavior .
Despite his blind spot over property rights , Fried deserves praise for his defense of individual liberty against egalitarian assaults .
While our churches and religious organizations could be a stronger and more relevant force in our society than they are now , even in decline , they remain a key influence in a society racked with negativity , immorality , and often unethical and ineffective leadership in nearly all of our major institutions .
There was a time when the United States had checks and balances in the government , regulations for corporate behavior coupled with the threat of punishment , little tolerance for ethically challenged public figures , discipline for children , and rewards for jobs well done .
Unsurprisingly , public officials defend these sanctuary policies because they believe ( or say they do ) that illegal-alien victims who do not fear deportation will help police , and for the insane reason that `` they encourage illegals to take advantage of city services like health care and education ( to whose maintenance few illegals have contributed a single tax dollar , of course ) .
A lone voice crying in the wilderness against the swelling orthodoxy of `` Keynesianism , '' Hazlitt discerned the cardinal problem in most economics and economic policymaking -- that , unlike the physical sciences , mathematics , or medicine , the discipline of economics is constantly vitiated by the `` special pleading of selfish interests .
In part , this can be blamed on Dems ' talent for picking the wrong battles . ''
Sin gular leaves the strong impression that Kathleen Sebelius-one of the most extreme defenders of restriction-free abortion in Kansas when she was governor , the sort of cafeteria-Catholic who abhors capital punishment but embraces euthanasia and abortion -- owes her elevation to Obama 's secretary of Health and Human Services to her protection of Tiller and others like him .
Imagine what would happen if , in response to the development of better guns , we passed laws that attempted to control access to these firearms , laws that ultimately resulted in only two groups having those weapons : the State and the crooks .
The mainstream media was quick to highlight the murder-suicide involving former NFL quarterback Steve McNair , killed by his girlfriend Sahel Kazemi , as proof of a need for more gun control .
Big Government is a jobs killer .7 Big Government augmented by a terrible education system and a tide of mass immigration is a life killer .
In his 2007 book Comeback : Conservatism That Can Win Again , he advocated modernizing the GOP along the lines of David Cameron 's Tories in Great Britain -- by de-emphasizing social issues and focusing on good ( but still small ) government , climate change , income inequality , health care , and obesity .
In the past two , they 've easily killed all attempts to control home schooling or further restrict rights to own or use firearms .
If investors believe the Federal Reserve will fight economic softness too aggressively , and in the process debase the currency , then the dollar loses both face and intrinsic value .
Ironically , one reason we got into the current mess is that Washington spent the last few decades criticizing and fining mortgage lenders for not lending to low-income households with imperfect credit records -- a practice called redlining .
The only ray of hope is that the energy and vigilance that ignited the Tea Party movement will not abate , and that in two years ' time , when yet another set of Republican promises have been shown up as a pious fraud , American voters will conduct another electoral purge and bring in leadership with more moral fortitude .
We ca n't cheat and cut across the track and hug big government when it agrees with us .
Progressive health-care reform activists - primarily through the vehicle of HCAN - took the offensive and attacked the insurance industry more aggressively , pushing insurers into a miscalculation .
The simplest is when the level of taxation and other exactions is simply too high and discourages productive labor to such a degree that wealth is destroyed rather than created .
In addition to the losses from reduced economic growth , many families may suffer from increased interest rates on mortgages , car loans , and credit cards , rates that go up because higher budget deficits compete for the funds available for such lending .
The enormous investment of time , money , and energy resulted in a superior product commanding a high price , and rewarded the partners with a highly profitable operation , the satisfaction of a job well done , and the sense of balance that comes after wrangling an agreement with the land .
It makes little sense to impose a higher tax burden and another revenue-sharing scheme on Americans already beaten down by the current recession , using the prevention of `` global warming '' as a pretext .
And true , those plans have now largely been replaced with the `` choice '' of 401 ( k ) s , which , we have been told ad nauseam , are just like a pension , only better , since any idiot can make money in the stock market .
Obama ran up his early lead in the pledged delegate count during the primaries chiefly because of his victories in state party caucuses , a system of selection that is seriously skewed against working people and older voters , and that , with its viva voce voting and arcane rules , is singularly vulnerable to blatant manipulation .
People of a socialist bent criticize families who try to maintain their assets and then pass them on to their heirs , saying they are selfish and their money would be better used serving the public good .
George Pepperdine , the Kansas-born founder of the Western Auto franchise , devoted his wealth , strong Church of Christ convictions , and deep commitment to a hands-off free enterprise system to founding a Los Angeles university that bore his name and perpetuated his beliefs .
The thinking is that bad assets create uncertainty , which repels investors and makes it tough to raise money in the financial markets .
`` This is the moment and opportunity for the tea partiers , and those who want limited government and support the free market , to stand firm against the greed and dangerous statist philosophy of the public sector unions , '' the group 's president , Ned Ryun , said in a statement .
The `` or in some other way '' phrasing seems wildly open ended and could possibly allow for a de facto global gun ban among those whom the political elite deem not to be serving `` national defense or law enforcement , '' which is simply code for whatever is in the political elite 's best interests .
Well , if we 'd called off the embargo , Castro 's island would 've been flooded with cheap , cool stuff and it 's a good bet his people would have gotten damn sick of socialist austerity when what they wanted was new cars and better stereos .
The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual ; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction , more able or more fortunate than his competitors , turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation , on the ruins of public liberty .
Many of the foreclosures and much of the negative-equity problem are a result of the Fed 's easy-money policies and artificially low interest rates that encouraged risky loans and living beyond one 's means .
Campbell , a Manhattan attorney , put up a spirited defense , but was squashed by the New Deal steamroller , nonetheless -- along with millions of American `` hoarders , '' who were stripped not only of their gold , but of other valuables and personal , sentimental effects as well .
His success illustrates why a free-enterprise system that leaves people free to make their own decisions is desirable : it produces businesses like Bailey 's that provide something that people want as well and efficiently as possible .
`` Those of us who look forward to helping you succeed in your efforts to rebuild our defense posture appreciate that your success in reducing taxes is a first and highly synergistic step toward that goal , '' he wrote .
Something needs to be done , but eliminating private , profit-driven insurance companies and turning over the entire industry to the bloated , ineffective government to provide `` free '' health care is not the answer as Michael Moore argued in his anti-free market , hatchet-job movie Sicko .
My father made sure they were rearrested and told his assailants that if he saw them prowling around , he 'd be delighted to kill them with the gun he stored upstairs .
Without making a long list of distinctions , and intervening into the free market to micromanage the exchanges taking place with each tool , our laws can not legitimately ban a tool simply because it is used , at times , to commit an aggressive act .
In sum , only `` love in truth , '' true love , Christian love , can bring about authentic `` social , juridical , political , and economic '' development .
The Uruguay Round Trade Agreement has successfully forced upon countries around the world a version of intellectual property rights that is bad for American science , bad for global science , bad for developing countries , and bad for access to health .
But , rather than fight about abortion or Princeton admissions , the Democrats could try to ignite a grander ideological battle over the odd and timely issue that dominated many exchanges in the hearings : `` the unitary executive theory .
Bush describes devoting a single meeting , during his first fall as president , to the far larger question of where and how to intervene militarily in the Middle East in response to the attacks of September 11 , where he listened to disagreements within a confined range of opinion from a handful of his closest and most familiar aides .
As the Democratic Grinches prepared to vote on their version of the widely despised , destructive , and chaotic health care bill , they tried to spice up their fruitcake with distortions , distractions , and flat-out lies .
Proliferation is far less urgent and problematic when destructive weapons are possessed by free governments .
His motivations are not yet known , but what is known is that this poor woman is able to say she was a victim of two `` attempted '' rapes , yet neither attempt was successful because she owned a handgun and knew how to use it .
He is inclined to endorse Frederick Douglass 's assertions that Lincoln hated slavery chiefly as an economic system that degraded all labor and hurt poor whites , and that it was for the good of whites , not blacks , that he fought slavery as he did .
Radical Supreme Court rulings , a comatose Federal Elections Commission , and ever more shameless political operatives have obliterated the campaign-law edifice that stood shakily for four decades , The 2012 race will be dominated by secret funds , unlimited special-interest gifts , and massive independent expenditures .
Because faith and values are foundational to the principles of freedom , the most important public policy change in America today would be to facilitate more choices in education , choices including various forms of nonsecular education and more faith-based schools teaching a Judeo-Christian worldview .
It sounds pretty innocuous , but based on my 15 years of fighting these bureaucrats in court on behalf of innocent families , it can be predicted that the way it will work in real life will be much more sinister .
This new aggressive civic participation fortified Perry and urged state legislators to finally activate the Louisiana Housing Trust Fund , which was enacted in 2003 to create housing for low-to moderateincome families .
When the question is whether to encourage freedom and individual liberty , or to increase the regulatory power of government , I will always favor freedom .
Because the Senate Finance bill does not offer financial assistance to people making more than three times the poverty line -- and because the insurance it guarantees is less protective than what other , more expensive versions of reform would require -- many of these people will remain exposed to the severe financial , not to mention medical , risks of inadequate coverage .
The suggested schemes would likely exacerbate poverty and would almost certainly do little or nothing to help deal with true environmental problems , as evidenced by the fact that free markets consistently reduce poverty and help preserve the environment while socialism creates poverty and environmental chaos .
Our economy is as vital to our national defense as anything and we must treat our economy as a critical national asset .
For the Conservative , the challenge is to deconstruct the Statist class argument and inspire the individual to appreciate the miracle of the free market and enthusiastically engage in it . ''
Evil is as evil does and laws disarming guaranteed victims makes evil people very , very happy .
Those who obtain support are thus going to be those most likely to award special privileges , and those elected or appointed are probably going to be those who obtain support ( all other things equal ) , with the result that those likely to favor special interests are particularly likely to be elected or appointed .
And , perhaps most challenging , progressives are losing because the well of public trust in government has been so badly poisoned by the failures of government to deliver that life in the recent past .
He understands that his mid-century forebears ' greatness lies in their motivation to defend Christianity `` in an often hostile world , rather than perpetually currying favor with its cultured despisers .
As a result , some observers are now beginning to worry that the expansionary policies that have led to the last two decades of easy money may soon result in an unpleasant economic correction , or worse . ''
In my opinion , free trade is faith-based economics : By removing barriers to trade , the economies of the world would ultimately specialize in producing a particular range of products and services , and thus come to enjoy a so-called competitive advantage .
There is occasional talk in church sermons of helping victims of oppression , but the most common moral themes in his life are personal responsibility ( based on concerns about not being a free rider or a burden on others ) and loyalty to the many groups and teams to which he belongs .
Miller echoes the argument of M. Stanton Evans , a leading conservative intellectual and popular writer , who wrote , `` Historians may well record the decade of the 1960s as the era in which conservatism , as a viable political force , finally came into its own .
I am not ignoring the fight to keep the federal government within the bounds of the Constitution , or the need to force the Congress to operate under a balanced budget , or the need to pressure federal courts to protect the rights of traditional Americans .
And , while Nelson may be an extreme case who revels in opportunities to buck his party , he 's not the only conservative Democrat arguing that health care reform -- even the scaled-back version moving through the Senate Finance Committee -- may be too much , too fast .
Then ask your congressional representative why punishing companies that remain in America is fairer than nourishing the free enterprise that is the lifeblood for our economy , creating jobs and growth for Americans .
With so much at stake strategically in Egypt , the United States should have been helping to move it toward a government more consistent with our values of political and economic freedom and rule of law as well as respect for those like Israel that embody those values .
It is the children who gain education , start businesses , make inventions , create enormous wealth for America , give us much of our technological lead in the world , join our military , and are the key for our nation 's dynamism .
In 2006 , in answering the question of why FEMA failed so miserably in response to Katrina , Russell S. Sobel and Peter T. Leeson of the Cato Institute wrote an analysis of the agency entitled `` Flirting with Disaster : The Inherent Problems with FEMA , '' outlining the real costs of looking to the federal government for help after a disaster .
Unless the Supreme Court this year decides to uphold a Vermont law imposing mandatory limits on spending-which would be a surprise-limits on contributions will coexist with unlimited spending , which inevitably creates further pressure and incentive to find ways around the existing limits .
Here , Associate Director ( James Tweeny ) outlines the office 's objectives , which include 1 ) `` allocating resources to areas that are producing the outcomes we value '' ( read : `` let 's jump on the ` diversity ' bandwagon '' ) ; 2 ) `` satisfy the requirements of accrediting agencies and funding agencies '' ( read : `` make connections with gurus like ( Shakti Butler ) '' ) ; 3 ) `` strengthen arguments for increased funding .
Dr. Taylor interviewed spokesmen for the suffering Africans and Asians who are denied the life-giving benefit of DDT , and the smug government officials who usually say , `` We just banned production in the United States , '' totally ignoring the fact that our ban has led to other bans and Draconian economic disincentives by other countries , particularly European nations .
Surely , the offshoring of our scientific and high-end manufacturing capacity poses a threat to our economy every bit as dangerous to our long-term security as the sale of our harbor operations .
Recognizing their role as gateways to higher education and their promise of being able to provide students with a foundation for continuing postsecondary success , community colleges can play an integral role in breaking through this plateau , assuming that there will be a reward at the end of the educational tunnel .
Our culture and people , once known for their character and virtue , are statistically among the world leaders in murder , rape , violent crime , gambling , pornography , abortion , divorce , and unwed births .
The government takes six per cent of most payrolls in Social Security Taxes and thus compels millions of individuals to postpone until later years the enjoyment of wealth they might otherwise enjoy today .
They are taught the alleged dangers of secondhand tobacco smoke , how to use condoms , how to avoid using plastic bags , and how to slow global warming .
Conservatives charged that affirmative action amounts to `` reverse racism '' ; discriminates against `` innocent whites '' ; stigmatizes its putative beneficiaries ; erodes the incentives that prompt individuals to put forth their best efforts ; lowers standards ; produces inefficiencies ; goes to those racial minorities who need it least ; and generates racial resentments . ''
The main argument of his new book is that `` excessive '' government regulation is threatening the creativity and the productivity of the pharmaceutical industry , with serious consequences for public health .
The implicit basis for the outrage of Scott and other Tea Partiers was not blind opposition to all government initiatives , but a sense that the government has neglected to address the anxieties of people like themselves .
However , the labor theory of value was used by Karl Marx and other communist and socialist economists to justify central planning since , if value was a strict consequence of labor invested , then `` correct '' valuations could be determined by enlightened central planners . ''
`` There is a real , serious danger-almost a certainty-that if these photos are made public , people will get killed , '' he explains .
The new sexual free market was meritocratic rather than democratic ; it favored the beautiful and the intelligent and the rich , while deliberately undercutting the institution that had traditionally provided the common man with stability and social capital : the two-parent family .
According to the left-leaning group Human Rights Watch , the reason this happened was because Barack Obama refused to provide proper protection to guard the weapons stockpiles .32 When weapons went missing in Iraq , the liberal media made a massive story out of it and used the issue to try and defeat George W. Bush .
Indeed , Eric Garris wrote a generally favorable piece about Brown for Reason in 1975 , and Murray Rothbard praised him that same year in The Libertarian Forum , though his later remarks about the governor were more caustic . ''
With the economic system off-limits to criticism ( even invisible in its main power dimensions ) , attention necessarily gravitates to government as the root of all evil .
If America 's middle class dissolves and our nation declines to Third World status , it will be because we have allowed the destructive policies that are killing our economy to continue .
Thus began a vicious cycle : As each social problem grew worse , the government threw more and more money at it , like someone trying to use gasoline to extinguish a fire .
Keynes commends FDR for having destroyed agricultural stocks during the Great Depression , since sales from existing inventories do not stimulate active investment , but are actually a form of disinvestment .
The Heritage Foundation warned , `` At a time when Medicare is dangerously close to bankruptcy , it is shortsighted to funnel funds into the creation of another government-run program instead of shoring up Medicare .
Though he defends it against undeserved alarmism continuing ad nauseam since the 1979 Three Mile Island incident , he omits the vital point that nuclear is the safest , cleanest , and by far most efficient and readily available answer to the so-called `` energy crisis .
Yet there is another reason why radical measures disappoint : they always promise improvement beyond the constant political adjustments that make up the politics of our lives .
There are conservative Christian Ph.D. s who attack evolution ( chiefly housed at Seattle 's Discovery Institute ) , who downplay the effectiveness of contraception , who argue that abortion harms women physically and mentally and causes fetuses pain .
Boldin then told a rollicking story about Roscoe Filburn , a Depression-era farmer who defied a federal order to cut wheat production by planting 12 acres for his personal use .
With that they also reject the idea that you can know right and wrong , or moral and immoral , as certainly and clearly as you know that increasing marginal tax rates impedes economic growth , or that imposing healthcare mandates on employers inevitably leads to higher healthcare premiums and a net increase in the number of uninsured people .
They also knew there was no real defense of ObamaCare , beyond its true purpose of redistributing wealth and health care .
Drawing on the Austrian theory of the credit cycle , Rothbard showed that the Great Depression was triggered by the 1929 bust that followed reckless credit expansion in the 1920s by the Federal Reserve , the Bank of England , and other major central banks .
Many , apparently , have no problem with his implied message that government-funded media -- not only the BBC and Al Jazeera , but CCTV and Xinhua news ( both run by China 's Communist Party ) -- are the shining exemplars of `` full journalistic independence '' and `` great journalism '' that will lead us to a `` free and dynamic society .
The respect we pay sovereignty is an unseen foundation of liberty , for it allows us the freedom to be contemptuous of government .
Again , tenthers will need to be wise about how they handle the political gamesmanship with the feds because they risk alienating the average voter if their tactics are too aggressive or confrontational .
Yet in 2003 , the judges dissenting from the Massachusetts Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage cited research from Cameron about the `` emotional disturbance and sexual victimization '' of children raised by same-sex parents as a rational basis for banning samesex marriage .
Again , so the argument goes , since Americans today can not be trusted to make their own decisions regarding health insurance -- whether it comes to accepting a job that does not provide it or choosing not to buy it on an individual basis -- the government , `` in society 's best interest , '' must force them to buy it .
In fact , Dr. Reisman has a chart on which she has documented how Kinsey went from state to state convincing ingenuous legislators to dumb-down punishments for sex crime .
As for the argument that human beings have a conscience that tells them that murder is wrong , those of us who believe in God as the source of morality would agree .
They not only duck the issues that drive people of faith to the polls , but continue to mock anyone who continues to look for political leaders that would share their values .
A University of Washington survey found that 74 percent of Tea Party supporters agree with the following statement : `` While equal opportunity for blacks and minorities to succeed is important , it 's not really the government 's job to guarantee it .
Even before the congressionally approved `` bankster bailouts '' of 2008 , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( FRBNY ) -- owned by private banks and led at the time by tax dodger and current Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner -- `` extended credit '' to three limited liability companies it created .
One way to encourage consumers to more carefully balance health care risks and benefits would be to allow them to choose less expensive high-deductible insurance policies combined with health savings accounts .
If a financial institution helps an enterprise borrow other people 's savings so it can better equip its workers to become more productive sooner , using its own profits , the financial institution has provided a useful service .
China 's own top Communist Party leaders , including Deng Xiaoping , the `` Paramount Leader '' who launched China 's `` state capitalism '' economic reform program in the late 1970s , have stated clearly that they are using capitalist tools and capitalist technology and investments to build and strengthen their socialist system .
Just as Alan Greenspan did n't really fix the problem of the dot-com crash by inflating the housing bubble , neither has Ben Bernanke solved the problem of the housing crash by creating more than $ 1 trillion out of thin air with which to buy government debt and `` toxic '' derivative assets .
Abstract : The costs of our collective oil addiction are hardly news to working Americans who have been paying more at the pump , nor to security experts who chart the vulnerabilities of oil tankers , pipelines , power plants , and refineries to disruption by terrorist attack , and the excessive influence of oil on America 's geopolitical goals .
This is a body of theory that deals with cases like pollution , where a private transaction has effects on those not directly involved , and with cases like national defense , where a good has benefits shared by the entire population whether they pay for it or not .
Studies conclusively prove that societal weapons-control laws do not result in correspondingly lower violent crime rates ; cultural values are the determining factor .
Not only is Reed wrong about attributing the blockade mainly to political pressures from the `` false Cubans '' in Miami he so clearly hates , but in the same article he ends up promoting the very propaganda that he claims to debunk : that the American embargo is solely responsible for the economic and social failure in Cuba .
Neoconservatives contend that America must attempt to change the regimes of its foes -- even if those foes have n't directly threatened the United States -- and turn them into pro-American , free-market democracies .
Since the brutal genocide of 1994 , when about 20 percent of the population was killed , the political and social situation has stabilized , making possible , together with free-market reforms , a sustained economic expansion in a relatively peaceful environment .
Across the board , the companies that control fossil fuels have begun to respond to rising concern about global warming with what amounts to a three-point strategy : First , make small overtures toward developing renewable energy , and milk them for maximum PR value .
The reason that the welfare state could work marginally well in the short term but not the long term is manifold , but one important reason is the long-term effect economic policies have on people 's values .
The money for the jobs programs would have to be siphoned out of the economy in the first place and so would result in a loss of jobs in the economy as a whole in order to create other jobs in government-favored sectors , based on the premise that government can allocate resources better than the private sector .
The `` stimulus '' spending is supposed to create jobs , yet the money that the government spends for this purpose would have to be drained from the economy in the first place , thereby destroying jobs throughout the economy in order to give the government the means to create jobs in selected sectors .
In the economy , taxes were to be drastically reduced , controls and regulations eliminated , and human energy , enterprise , and markets set free to create and produce in exchanges that would benefit everyone and the mass of consumers .
Their bipartisan criticism makes the movement not only a good fit for my father , but such bipartisanship was a requirement for the Tea Party to support his son .
These reinforcing ties between economic freedom and the family make economic conservatives and social conservatives natural allies : those who seek to preserve economic freedom in America should be especially concerned with the defense of family life , and those who care about the dignity and purpose of every life should defend free enterprise .
Since social workers are so easily duped , divorcing spouses have made extensive use of CPS reports as a weapon in family court .
Nuclear energy is , in fact , less expensive and more environmentally benign than hydrocarbon energy , but it too has been the victim of the politics of fear and claimed disadvantages and dangers that are actually negligible .
Many newly awakened Americans are being mobilized by the Tea Party Movement and the Glenn Beck 9-12 Project to form in favor of some very good causes , such as lower taxes , less spending , and a return to a more limited federal government .
Obama thinks he can move moderate Muslim opinion , pressure bad actors like Iran to negotiate , and , if Iran fails to comply , encourage other countries to isolate it .
Feminists have cooperated in creating the problem by establishing no-fault divorce , and , in their celebration of female autonomy , can hardly agree to make divorce difficult once more .
It is only through this kind of determined assault on the principle of unlimited government that American people will obtain relief from high taxes , and will start making progress toward regaining their freedom .
On this neighbor island the separatist movement was the largest slave revolt ever known ; it shook and destroyed the old order and established , in the middle of the harassment and hostility of the rest of the world , a republic radically different from the shameful regime out of which it arose .
Fiscal scare-mongers make a great deal of fuss about the fact that by 2016 , the total benefits paid out of the program will exceed Social Security tax revenues , and the fund will have to be tapped to make up the difference .
While he metes out punishment for certain indiscretions and offenses , the coercion and repression required to impose order must be more elaborate and brutal than More acknowledges .
We should let bank executives be paid well when they are successful -- but they should truly lose if they take risks that lead to taxpayer bailouts .
One recent editorial concluded that `` the overall tax burden grew more progressive from 1979 to 1999 '' and insisted that any higher taxes on the rich would be unfair since the put-upon economic elite `` already bear an outsized share of the American tax burden .
Reading the bill as an open-minded agnostic when it comes to climate change , I could not find the common sense in a policy that would inflict immediate , immense , and certain costs on a suffering economy in the hope of producing distant , infinitesimal , and highly uncertain changes in world temperatures .
Much-maligned `` credit default swaps '' and similar derivatives , for example , were created to dilute the irrational levels of risk introduced by the federal government 's compelling of banks to loan to high-risk borrowers .
The `` protests '' in Ohio and Wisconsin , need we remind , are similarly violent , lawless , criminal occupations that have resulted in massive vandalism , disruption of traffic and government services , and violation of the rights of other citizens who may not share the protesters aims .
Since we are created by God in His image and likeness , and since He is perfectly free ... freedom is our birthright .
Whatever you call it , for three decades they had us convinced that the success of the financial sector should be measured not by how well it provides financial services to actual consumers and corporations , but by how effectively financial firms make money for themselves .
`` From 1929 to 1940 , from Hoover to Roosevelt , government intervention helped make the Depression Great , '' writes Amity Shlaes in The Forgotten Man : A New History of the Great Depression .
Abstract : Since intelligence is largely inherited , Herrnstein and Murray argued , social inequalities do n't reflect prejudice ; rather , they reveal meritocracy at work in the triumph of a `` cognitive elite .
Instead , arts advocates responded like every other underachieving opportunist peddling its troubled assets to federal sugar daddies : They argued that our chamber music societies and tap dancing foundations are too economically significant to fail . ''
They offer us a chance to engage in semi-illicit behavior without excessive risk of punishment or serious injury , at least until the NYPD makes zero sparkler tolerance its primary mandate .
She and her friends , alarmed for freedom of speech when Chavez announced his plan to close RCTV , organized a genuinely independent protest .
On the other hand , just about everyone is unhappy with the health care system we have now , a system some people wrongly blame on the free market .
Since the 1980s , the Republican Party has been at least a temporary home for people like me because of its openness to religious influence and its unapologetic assertion of American ideals .
Further irritating the mainstream media 's hatred of Christianity , she credits God as her guiding light , protecting her from the high-powered rifle , two handguns , and more than 1,000 rounds of ammo in the possession of the maniacal madman attacking her congregation .
These ideologies rely upon positive law in order to discourage or outlaw actions to which they object , and thus position themselves as aggressors against individuals who have infringed on nobody 's liberty . ''
There is also the optimistic view that modern liberalism will fail of itself because it is incoherent as well as intellectually and morally bankrupt .
Worse yet , it sneeringly deprecates the genuine altruism that motivates most business owners , the gratification they derive from seeing their innovations , their hard work , and the capital they attract create jobs and opportunities for .
As for exempting bureaucracies , Murray bases much of his argument on the government 's supposed inefficiency ; the reason he provides no evidence -- say , higher administration costs or comparatively rapid spending growth -- is that his argument is wrong .
Ever since the McCain-Feingold campaign-finance legislation passed , Democrats have looked to so-called 527 groups-named after a part of the tax code that allows groups to raise unlimited sums and make independent expenditures on issues-to save them from cash shortfalls ( specifically for advertising ) that resulted from the reforms .
It appears the Obama focus on allowing banks to return to speculative activity to generate capital and profits to offset losses has gone as far as possible , with bank stock prices and profits now flattening once again and more than half of bad assets and losses still remaining on bank balance sheets .
Yet , rather than overcoming the stagnation problem , this renewed financialization will only serve at best to put off the problem , while piling on further contradictions , setting the stage for even bigger shocks in the future . ''
As Michael Dannenberg argues , the routine progressive agenda on higher education , which is to invest more money in financial aid , is limited if progressives are not willing to confront the cost of tuition , help students make informed choices , and consider a more sweeping agenda that would include tuition-free community colleges .
Waugh believed that mankind did not divide `` into the rich and poor , the privileged and the unprivileged , the clever and the stupid , the lucky and the unlucky , or even the happy and the unhappy , '' but into `` the nasty and the nice .
To argue that global warming is a graver threat than terrorism is to betray a callousness to human suffering that has long characterized the affluent Western environmentalist Left .
We have assigned pluses to the `` nays '' because increasing taxes for the largest U.S. oil producers would drive gasoline prices higher and because Congress should not be subsidizing energy development , including renewable energy .
The very reason that the regime and its media shills despise and fear sound money is the reason a free people should support it : it limits the government 's ambitions by restricting the share of resources it can siphon from the productive economy .
Reasonable folks can disagree on many issues regarding immigration policy generally , but border security can not be held hostage to another failed attempt at solving , in one fell swoop , all the problems of our immigration system .
I believe Soros and hundreds of other hedge fund traders , most of them MFA members , manipulated the system using , primarily , changes in two rules that enabled them to raid the financial markets , generating huge profits for themselves , causing the financial crash of 2008 , and enabling Barack Obama to be elected .
That is , if men assume that freedom is license , if they assume that they can do whatever they want and abandon a freely accepted moral code in favor of the law of the jungle , the resulting moral anarchy will inevitably lead to the loss of freedom .
This is the first time DOJ has argued that a new law creates a problem , and then an otherwise-unconstitutional mandate is necessary to fix the problem the law just created .
Just as the Internet benefits from the networked actions of millions of self-interested parties operating from the ground up , an agile , Web-like transportation network can be created only by unleashing the ideas and money of the private sector and rejecting the Rooseveltian notion that money is spent most efficiently by central planners on job-stuffing projects .
But he did n't have a chance to confront Barry on the issue at the Ward 8 Democrats meeting , because Barry did n't bother to show up , citing medical reasons .
All one had to do is apply reward and punishment in appropriate doses ( the highest reserved for stubborn cases ) , and society could get a child to hate what he once desired and love what he once despised .
Economic values , so antagonistic to heroism and great leadership , tend to be despised accordingly by writers , artists , and other intellectuals .
More specifically , congressional passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) in 1993 and legislation establishing the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) in 1994 have already led to the loss of millions of jobs for Americans and have set the stage for still larger numbers of job losses .
The bailouts of 2008 and 2009 created a fantastic opportunity for moochers to profit from government-backed loans .
When McAleer asked a scientist at a press conference about Climategate , the recent scandal wherein the hacked e-mails of IPCC expert climatologists indicating that data had been manipulated to show warming were released , he was confronted by an armed UN security guard who threatened to have him kicked out .
Still , there 's at least one potential problem with owing so much money to a strategically critical country : We have a vast range of interests at stake with the Chinese , and the focus on all the money we owe them may , at the margins , deprive us of leverage we need to advance those interests .
Beneath this bland Good Obama lies a more interesting character , one that I like far better-the Bad Obama , a close student of other people 's weaknesses , a literary artist of considerable power in plumbing his deep reservoirs of self-pity and resentment , an unfunny Evelyn Waugh consumed by indignation toward his own mother 's people .
\ n One reason the Coens ' work stood out was that so few other movies , satiric or otherwise , still featured that class of Americans at all .
If the bipartisan Gang of Six , spawn of Obama 's own BowlesSimpson commission , does reach agreement , it will only add pressure to alter Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid for the worse - thus fatally blurring Obama 's bright line .
Should the Fed ignore this and simply carry on inflating the money supply , Mises warned , it runs the risk of hyperinflation , a severe , galloping inflation that destroys the currency unit .
The preposterous time delays that we allow regulation and litigation to insert into the system , and the consequent time value of money forced onto these plants , have been the killing factor , not any problem with the technology itself , which continues to grow everywhere else .
A progressive Long March would generate the deeply felt political anger and sense of desperate isolation -- as opposed to the cozy , mutually supportive , semi-serious progressive outrage so evident during the Bush years -- that impelled the initial creative phase of the conservative legal movement .
It holds people completely responsible for their own success or failure , and thus concludes that when government helps the disadvantaged , it consequently punishes virtue and rewards sloth .
The , goal of the ATF 's `` Fast and Furious '' is obvious even to this gun owner and follower of the ATF : The goal of the ATF the only goal -- is to destroy every firearms dealer and gun owner in the United States and to destroy the Second Amendment to the Constitution .
The other strain came from 19th-century microeconomics-the modeling of how perfectly informed rational autonomous individuals maximizing short-term profits respond to price changes .
GEORGE W. BUSH HAS MADE TAX CUTS THE touchstone of his presidency , supporting new ones each year , with the economy in growth and in recession , with record budget surpluses and record deficits , in peace and in war .
You have civil society groups , nongovernmental organizations , some political parties , independent media , lawyers ' association , doctors ' association , engineers , some of which are dominated by Islamists , others of which are dominated by nationalists and secularists .
No issue is more critical for the defense of freedom and the American way of life than the preservation of our free-market health care system and the total repeal and dismantling of so-called Obamacare .
The future Marxist world society will aim at a final solution to the population problem by killing off hundreds of millions of people through abortion , starvation , engineered diseases , needless wars , and the like .
According to the affidavit , Simmons taught that it is more important to tithe and make offerings than to pay bills , and that poverty is caused by stealing God 's money , which means failing to tithe and make offerings .
As our Founders understood , the best way to stay safe is by proudly professing our values and defending them with unwavering strength and conviction .
Though it has grown into something much more than a protest movement , the Tea Party first arose in early 2009 as just that : a cry of protest from an alarmed citizenry .
While appreciative of some of the benefits liberalism has provided the modern world , Dawson perceived a fatal weakness in the liberal order that threatened not only the protections accorded religious belief but indeed that order 's very existence .
And the pressure from vested interests-mostly the fossil-fuel lobby-combined with the political fear of annoying voters with higher gas prices or lifestyle shifts means that the incentive for anyone who has to run for office anytime soon is to take the easiest possible deal . ''
The second argument offered for 401 ( k ) plans is that they allow people to control their investments and match their investments with their tolerance for risk .
The 250 number was likely lifted by Obama 's speechwriter from the CNN Heroes report , which used the same inflated statistic - ironic , considering the Social Innovation Fund is supposed to emphasize the responsible use of metrics in evaluating how well nonprofits are working .
Programs that support CDFIs and use the SBA to guarantee loans to new businesses , are quintessential New Democrat : They use a typically Democratic instrument - government support - to carry out a typically Republican ideal of a society based on enterprise .
When the liberals scream , they should be solemnly assured that the Constitution is a living document , we should not be constrained by old rules , we now understand better how multiple levels of taxation create multiple classes of citizens , and so on .
By dominating one , the Statist dominates both , for if the individual can not keep or dispose of the value he creates by his own intellectual and\/or physical labor , he exists to serve the state .
In response to ROBERT FRANK 'S cover story , which argues that consuming less can make our society better , WONKETTE writes , `` Maybe we wo n't ever have indulgent capitalist luxuries like homes or jobs anymore , like we did in 2007 , but maybe that 's cool now .
Radical feminist insistence upon seeing slights , harassment , and male victimization of women everywhere has made campuses , workplaces , and society less comfortable places .
He also pointed out that the new long-term care program , used to make the balance sheet look better in ObamaCare 's early years because it will collect premiums for five years before paying any benefits , would likely be bankrupt by 2025 .
The self-serving argument that too much regulation hurts the U.S. financial markets was used by another former Goldman co-CEO and U.S. treasury secretary , Robert Rubin , to help kill Glass-Steagall , the 1933 act that prevented conflict-of-interest behavior within the walls of financial institutions .
And anyway , George W. Bush had betrayed conservatism and tainted it for a generation by blowing up the deficit to post-World War II record levels , miring us in an Asian land war , and kick-starting the debate over Social Security privatization in a manner that made the goal less attainable than ever before .
But with Democrats worrying about appearing soft on security -- and therefore treating the military budget as sacrosanct -- it is hard to cut spending without slashing the investments most important to solving the crisis .
They control a corrupt Justice Department whose attorney general has racialized the poll-watching process , and who dismissed a voter intimidation case against his Black Panther friends .6 And they are trying to pass a Universal Voter Registration Act that will stack the deck even more in their favor , extending the vote to illegal aliens and even felons .
While the abuse of prescription drugs is growing faster than alcohol and drug abuse , illegal drugs remain by far the greatest threat to our society .
He will create flexible education accounts that workers can use to retrain , provide retraining assistance for workers in sectors of the economy vulnerable to dislocation before they lose their jobs , and provide additional assistance for workers to afford health care .
In other words , Democrats are rewarding their own , essentially buying votes with taxpayer dollars , arguably in violation of the very law under which the money is being distributed .
While it is true that older landfills are not as well designed as modern landfills and , therefore , carry a higher risk of causing a public health problem , curbside recycling will do nothing to address that issue .
The dominant conversation in Washington , D.C. , quickly became one about how best to cut deficit spending and get the burden of big government off the backs of workers and job creators .
First , it will induce utilities to make technology investments that might be profitable if not for the perverse incentives created by regulation .
It reveals that for the U.S. governing class , the notion of a level playing field for American workers is still largely a fig leaf to justify the true economic purpose of U.S. trade policy - profit opportunities for multinational investors .
And it only follows , then , that if success and failure are the result of injustice , then great success and great failure can be nothing other than the result of great injustice .
Stocks , for example , are underpinned by future expected company earnings ; the value today of those future flows goes up when interest rates are lower-so any cut by the Fed is welcomed by stock-market investors .
The living-wage movement 's success has led to other local government tools to induce private companies to create middle-class jobs and upgrade low-wage work .
Bankruptcy in these conditions would allow the state to continue budgeting under the same structure as before , basically giving statehouses a clean slate without providing incentives to change the core of their financial problems : overspending in education , excessive public pensions and benefits , and a swollen state work force .
With all of us seated around a large table at the Heritage Foundation , taking turns addressing the group , a lawyer representing Otis McDonald tried to discourage me from writing a brief explaining to the Court how it could incorporate the right to bear arms to the states through the Privileges or Immunities Clause without overruling Slaughter-House .
But there is good reason to suspect that the incident never even happened , and that the entire affair is a vicious lie concocted by the CBC to discredit ObamaCare opponents and the Tea Party movement .
Now , in the twenty-first century , with global climate change finally being recognized by the elite as a serious problem , the proposed solutions are , as we would expect , to shift the problem from one form of energy to a new form of energy .
Civic and business leaders promised big rewards , explaining that gambling would create jobs , raise property values , and provide money for roads and historic renovation .
Creating rules to restrain spending is tricky , thanks to a variety of weaknesses in the institutional arrangements of the budget process .
Any sane storeowner would simply shrug and close the doors rather than listen to the angry demands of hungry patrons who must wait longer and longer for food and complaints of overworked employees , while being pressured by government bureaucrats and annoyed politicians .
Changing masses of individual driving decisions in America will not transform our systems into the efficiency equivalent of theirs , and the attempt to do so by prices alone could put the economy in such a slowdown that the ordinary course of progress toward more efficient patterns of energy use might stop .
One might conclude that the govern -- merit 's promised assistance has run afoul of the law of unintended consequences -- except for the fact that it was entirely predictable and no doubt intended by those who favor outright socialized medicine .
Penetrating and perverting institutions and individuals , this fear collided in the Muslim world with a complex ideological and psychological evolution that led many people in Muslim countries and communities to a reflexive and often self-destructive brutality in reaction to the slightest whiff of verbal or visual provocation .
If we really want to fight poverty overseas , therefore , we need to support policies that strengthen rather than weaken the property rights of individual citizens and families . ''
But as the Spanish economist J. R. Rallo argues , keeping interest rates extremely low for a prolonged period , as the Federal Reserve has , creates incentives for people not to reduce debt and adjust to the new circumstances .
This fight over who was rightly the object of anti-abortion concern reached its height when some leaders of the anti-abortion movement urged President Ronald Reagan 's surgeon general , C. Everett Koop , to make official findings that abortion posed a public-health threat to women , on the model of his anti-smoking campaign .
In the wake of the Supreme Court 's ( incorrect ) decision in the recent Citizens United case , for example , it was astonishing to hear progressives cavalierly dismiss the idea that corporations might be presumed to have a right to free speech , albeit one that can be limited with certain justifications , such as to limit the influence of money in politics .
During the period of December marked by low temperatures , mentioned above , CNN severe-weather expert Chad Meyer commented during Lou Dobbs Tonight , `` You know , to think we could affect weather all that much is pretty arrogant .
While global warming skeptics often scoff at the ipcc 's projections on the grounds that climate science can be uncertain , that uncertainty , to the extent it exists , cuts both ways : Things may ultimately turn out to be better than the ipcc predicts , but they also could turn out to be worse .
A society that completely ignores the natural law has no way to suppress the worst excesses of sin and destroys itself .
It would work to overcome the social problems created under capitalism when an enterprise discovers a new way to produce output with less labor input , encounters a loss of public desire for its products , or finds that it has overestimated the demand for its output .
Since they hated knowledge and did not choose to fear the LORD , since they would not accept my advice and spurned my rebuke , they will eat the fruit of their ways and be filled with the fruit of their schemes .
This attack on parents is not superficial , nor an unintended consequence ; those who influenced the creation of the system that today is so prevalent intentionally and institutionally crafted it this way .
A tautology lies at the heart of Florida 's theory that has limited its instructive value all along : Creative people seek out places that draw a lot of creative people .
Just as the current crisis in spiralling healthcare costs coupled with dwindling insurance affordability was created in large measure by government controls already in place , so further controls , both at the state and national level , will not only make things worse , but also prompt cries for still more governmental corrective measures .
California Assemblyman Jim Nielsen ( R-Gerber ) released a statement that harshly criticized the new ban at a time when law-enforcement officials are struggling to deal with violent crimes .
Moreover , the results are worse than many of the countries that spend far less , and since President Jimmy Carter created the Department of Education in 1979 , the costs have soared while the results have declined .
Moore 's fans-urban white liberals-want gun control to disarm the minority criminals who threaten them , but they are n't going to admit that , so Moore concocted a fantasy for them about how dangerous those heavily armed rural rednecks are .
One of them , Uriel Patino , who supplemented his income as a buyer of illegal weapons with food stamps at the expense of American taxpayers , personally bought at least 316 weapons , with some investigators claiming the number could be as high as 600 or more , since ATF accounting is suspect .
But , in fact , further conversations with Hatch and health care advocates on the Hill and beyond have suggested a very personal , profound reason why Hatch may be throwing his powerful weight behind `` Socialized Health Care '' : his decades-long friendship with Ted Kennedy , the ailing patriarch of the universal health care movement .
Dr. Leonard Evan , author of Traffic Safety , concludes that `` CAFE kills , and higher CAFE standards will kill even more .
Put very simply the triangle goes like this : freedom requires virtue , virtue requires faiths , faiths require freedom , which requires virtue , and so on ad infinitum .
A society that simultaneously offers the possibility of princely private wealth and the threat of severe poverty will surely inspire great feats of personal daring and cutthroat ambition .
The offender needs to restore his relationship with God , restore the victim hopefully to health , pay restitution , and help restore peace in the community .
And to make sure that the broader public does benefit from entrepreneurial capitalism , Baumol and his co-authors advocate safety nets that shield some of the victims of disruptive change , if only to prevent a backlash against free-trade policies , direct foreign investment , and the like .
Either way , the Communist Chinese know that collecting our debt allows them to hold us hostage with the threat that they will dump our debt and send interest rates skyrocketing .
Reports of this research , however , provoked worries that publishing the recipe for transmitting the flu virus could enable bioterrorists to unleash a devastating global epidemic that might kill billions of people .
In this case , the political left wants to use the opportunity to craft a `` compromise '' as a way to drive a stake through their bogeyman -- the private market -- trying to permanently kill the chances of even partial privatization of Social Security .
Washington is eager to subsidize such extravagances , and just as quick to threaten the loss of subsidies to states that rebel against federal priorities .
When the government justified injecting money into the firms , it made an implicit argument about the country -- that these companies are essential to our future economic greatness , that their loss would be an unbearable symbolic defeat .
While the original quote was used to allay Americans ' fears of socialist economic policies that were supposed to rescue America from the Great Depression but actually deepened and extended the depression , the perverse version confected by Walker is a perfect explanation of modern Americans ' misunderstanding of freedom : `` The only thing we have to fear is freedom itself .
While the banking sector became more risky , creditors to banks ( such as depositors and lenders ) knew they could count on the Fed to engineer bailouts via lower interest rates and access to credit if times got tough -- so banks had no trouble raising funding from creditors , and our financial system grew rapidly .
If the government wins out , however , we 'll escape deflation at the price of inflation , which will vacuum the wealth right out of Americans ' pockets , rewarding debt-addicts and punishing the frugal .
Thus he castigates the FDA , `` government bureaucrats , '' and private critics for restricting the freedom of the pharmaceutical industry and thereby reducing its incentives to find and to develop creative new medical treatments .
The dramatization , in living color with lurid special effects , of men castrating and then shooting a 6-year-old boy , then gang raping and killing a 7-year-old girl , is certain to trigger imitations by borderline perverts .
But little of it was grassroots : except for members of organizations like the John Birch Society or Campaign for Liberty , most folks still know very little about REAL ID or PASS ID and care even less ; a few actually applaud a national ID because the government claims it fights terrorism .
It holds people completely responsible for their own success or failure , and thus concludes that when government helps the disadvantaged , it consequently punishes virtue and rewards sloth .
When private-equity firms began moving to take over German companies , many Germans saw a threat to their competitive model-a widely praised system of stable , innovative enterprises earning normal but not exorbitant profits and rewarding highly productive employees rather than stripping company assets .
The same exalted estimate of worker creativity and revolutionary fervor found in his writings of 1902 led Lenin in 1917 to believe that the dire economic crisis of that year could be easily solved simply by letting the workers smash the repressive state and forcing the capitalists to do their proper job .
Normally in support of `` freedom of choice '' for everything under the sun , reporters portrayed Benedict 's allowance of the old liturgy for those who want it ( and without imposing it on those who do not ) as an appalling step backward and proof positive of this pontiffs sinister and reactionary intentions . ''
If passed , South Dakota would have been the first state to ban most every form of abortion since the 1973 Supreme Court Roe v. Wade decision , making it `` legal '' for a woman to kill her unborn child .
In typical fashion , he exhaustively delineates his mixed emotions about giving them charity , concluding : `` I 'm scared about the poor people coming to take everything from me .
To avoid this , the Federal Reserve and other central banks routinely lower interest rates far below natural market values , to entice individuals and corporations to keep borrowing and spending , rather than to save .
I started this section talking about how good culture tells the truth and bad culture lies .
In his Jan. 17 , 2007 column , Ben Shapiro declared , `` torture will often serve a useful purpose , '' and proposed a utilitarian ethic for its use , saying , `` If torturing a particular terrorist is useful-if we engage in the complicated calculus that tells us that the benefits outweigh the harms-torture is not only justified , it is morally right .
Envy , ignorance about how wealth is created , and anti-Semitism have traveled hand in hand for centuries .
This in turn puts pressure on the traditional welfare states of Western Europe to lower their own taxes , reduce protections , and cut wages lest they lose market share and jobs .
Experts disagree , but the government numbers reflect a 25 percent gain , while Cornell University scientist David Pimentel concludes that more fossil-fuel energy goes into making a gallon of ethanol than comes out of it -- a literal waste of energy .
The money used for bailouts comes , directly or indirectly , from the taxpayer , money that would otherwise be used for more productive purposes in the free market .
One of the most corrosive effects of top-down government , where winners and losers are chosen by someone else , is the destruction of the values that allow for peaceful cooperation among individuals .
As our worst economic crisis since the Depression enters its third full year , the history of the unemployed movement offers a lesson of how local and temporary struggles during a period of overall working-class retreat can interact with radical organizations to strengthen the left for larger struggles to come .
Any movement away from the regulatory state that allows the free market to operate will have substantial net positive effects , from creating new businesses and allowing successful ones to expand with new infusions of capital , to creating new employment opportunities for some of those 88 million currently `` not in the labor force .
By the very nature of that structure , concerted political action was meant to be difficult and based on extended reflection , not a rush to judgment based on the wishes of a temporary majority -- and certainly not obedience to the will of a single leader .
The market , not the government , was the most effective tool to discipline big business , because corporations that punished their customers were doomed to failure .
While we must agree in assigning primary blame for the Great Depression to the Federal Reserve ( and its primary accomplice , the Bank of England ) , the story , as understood by the likes of Bernanke and so-called monetarists like the late Milton Friedman , is incomplete .
Tomasi preaches to the left that respect for economic liberties is a key part of respecting individual autonomy and that a properly freed market generates enough wealth to benefit the least well off .
They shared a devotion to the core beliefs of the party : equality of opportunity , limited government , fiscal restraint combined with lower taxes , a strong national defense .
Grant even went so far as to resign from Toronto 's York University in 1960 because he was forced to teach from a philosophy textbook that ridiculed Christianity , even though this principled decision created great hardship for himself and his large family .
Instead of telling them to take wholehearted advantage of opportunities that were rapidly opening , the new culture told the Have-Nots that they were victims of an unjust society and , if they were black , that they were entitled to restitution , including advancement on the basis of racial preference rather than mere personal striving and merit .
The judiciary and the bureaucracies are staffed with intellectuals , as that term is used in this book , and thus tend to share the views and accept the agendas of modern liberalism .
The law was used in 2008 to convict the founders of the nation 's largest Islamic charity , the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development , for giving more than $ 12 million to Hamas . ''
Just four days after the Supreme Court essentially struck down the City of Chicago 's draconian handgun ban as unconstitutional , the City Council unanimously approved a tough new gun-control regime that critics are vowing to fight but supporters are hoping will be upheld in court .
We need to change these safety net programs so that they lead not only to independence from the government but also create incentives for the formation and maintenance of families .
Trouble is , not all of these regulations have been finalized , so the utilities still take somewhat of a financial gamble because past practice mandated issuing a nuclear operating license only after a reactor is constructed -- and this is a beautiful opportunity for enemies of energy to start tedious legislation to bankrupt the plant . ''
But welfare mocks the Ellis Island virtues , upending them as easily as the shattered Statue of Liberty Charlton Heston stumbled across in the sands of a ruined planet .
The Securities Act , passed the same year , created the overweening Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , an entity that , like the rest of FDR 's New Deal , had no constitutional legitimacy whatsoever and inflicted immense regulatory damage on the securities markets . ''
Almost two years later , in a strikingly whiney response even by his own standards , Obama pleaded to a liberal interviewer that he was merely the president , not the king .
The United Nations failed to put the finishing touches on a global gun control treaty in New York on July 27 , a treaty that would have threatened the U.S. Constitution 's Second Amendment and promised to allow future genocidal governments to kill with impunity .
Decades of deindustrialization and outsourcing for the sake of short-term profit have even begun to cut into the mainstay of our national security : our defense sector .
I did n't like hearing people claim that I lied about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction or cut taxes to benefit the rich .
This condition -- defended as `` independence '' -- is responsible for public ignorance of the Federal Reserve and how it manipulates the money supply to the advantage of the big banks , the financially well-connected , and , of course , the political class .
Calling fatherlessness a `` social evil '' and the `` engine driving our worst social problems , '' they promote father presence as a panacea for poverty , failure in school , emotional and behavioral problems among boys , premarital sex and pregnancy among girls , suicide , child abuse , and even social inequality .
The stress test is also a way to address another big problem with nationalization , the `` contagion '' effect : Since investors are cleaned out when a bank is taken over , the mere fear of nationalization can scare private investors away from every bank , even the good ones .
If we want liberty in our lifetimes , we need to think more carefully about why we have bad government and how best to improve things .
The data demonstrate that at least some temporary economic progress was made with government stimulus during the recession , as the Keynesians argue , but Austrians argue that the short-term benefit was far outweighed by burgeoning national debt and lowered savings rates that have stunted the recovery .
Through a generous Heavenly Father 's gift of His Son , hope and compassion entered a world weary with fear and despair and changed it for all time .
While I applaud Kate Shindle for aggressively advocating better HIV\/AIDS prevention and treatment during her year as Miss America , that is really not what I think the pageant is about , nor do I agree that activism is more of a reason for this program to exist than the opportunity to put a crown on the hottest chick on stage .
At times it seems as if any argument is a good argument if it justifies ( or seems to justify ) inserting government into health care .
We have assigned pluses to the yeas because the federal government has no constitutional authority to establish energy efficiency standards that would prevent the production , distribution , and consumer purchase of a previously perfectly acceptable and universally used product , such as the incandescent light bulb .
The complicated challenges that public educators grapple with - severe budget cuts , for instance , or health problems that make learning a particular challenge for low-income kids - are nowhere to be seen .
Erica 's successful business career , based on her intuitive understanding that the innovation-craving , rule-spinning , and metric-setting methods popular among master-of-the-universe CEOs are all bluster , leads her to appreciate the importance of local knowledge and epistemological modesty , qualities that enable human networks , neural and social , to expand .
Judith Rich Harris , author of the The Nurture Assumption , pointed out , `` The problem with bilingual education is that these programs create peer groups of children who do not speak English well .
Debasing currency is one of the oldest and most dishonest tricks used by monarchs and politicians to relieve themselves of the burden of heavy debts without inflicting ruinous taxes on their subjects and citizens .
That agenda includes efforts to restrict `` greenhouse gas '' emissions over global-warming fears as well as initiatives to stifle U.S. energy production while taking billions of dollars from energy producers to fund federal subsidies for alternative energy sources .
The wealthy do often use their wealth for political influence , but his argument treats the rich as if they were a unified voting block with identical interests .
If you accept my Bush-as-Balaam analogy , you have no choice but to conclude that these guys who seem to believe that having free elections in Turkey , Palestine , Egypt , and elsewhere are going to advance their interests and help strengthen the influence of their `` democracy '' are actually helping create the conditions for our victory .
Support groups and practical help for single moms , church groups similar to Alcoholics Anonymous , drug addiction counseling , a clothes closet and food pantry , genuine friendship , and Bible study and prayer groups all contribute to a culture of caring that causes many people to return and get the help that eventually gives them hope and helps them out of poverty .
And Obama 's pick to head the Department of Agriculture , former Iowa governor Tom Vilsack , is an enthusiastic supporter of one of the most foolish and damaging federal economic manipulations around , endless ethanol subsidies .
The reasoned response of propertied individuals to their experience of the world of speculative finance has created a new political culture with important consequences for the political economy of capitalism .
And for good reason : Everybody in Washington knows that , if more money is needed , the Federal Reserve , in cahoots with the U.S. Treasury , can create it out of thin air simply by issuing more debt .
The newly created dollars wo n't solve our economic problems , of course , since each new dollar added to the economy devalues the dollars already in circulation , causing prices to rise .
Bush created the Office of Faith-based and Community Initiatives , headed by the Faith-Based Czar , and even gave the nation a Birth Control Czar , formally the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Population Affairs in the Department of Health and Human Services .
Thus , we are led to believe , since greedy carmakers hate regulations , the regulations must be good for us .
The reason we have to defeat this proposal and fight for a much better one is , I would hope that people throughout this country , from Vermont and Colorado , and many of our conservative states , would come forward and say : Wait a second .
Their rulings mean the difference between free political speech and censored political speech , property rights that are protected by government and property rights that are routinely violated by government , and the survival of innocent life and the state-sanctioned killing of innocent life .
This was true in the 1930 s , when artificially high wages and prices kept us depressed for more than a decade , it was true in the 1970s when price controls were used to combat inflation but just produced shortages .
It not only offends libertarian sensibilities but also worries some moderates and liberals who fear private insurers will charge too much because of insufficient competition in the industry .
You may close their churches , confiscate their Bibles , and harass their rabbis and priests , but you will never destroy the love of God and freedom that burns in their hearts .
It was therefore high time that the remaining Keynesians returned to the central problem raised by Keynes himself , of an underlying contradiction in the capital-accumulation process , leading to a strong stagnation tendency .
Unfortunately , not all supposedly alternative sources of energy have the intended effects , and some may have , on balance , perverse effects obscured by government green policies .
After all , the Democrats will tell you , there can only be two reasons you have a home of your own in the first place : Either you got lucky and somebody gave you the money , or you exploited some of the poor , poor pitiful victims of our evil capitalist system to get it .
When the Fed intervenes like this , increasing the money supply with money and credit it creates out of thin air , it causes all kinds of economic problems .
In well-intended efforts to position pro-democracy reforms as nonpartisan , reformers often strip these process reforms of any hint that they would affect the outcomes we actually care about-for example , public decisions around jobs and the economy , health care , energy and the environment , war and peace .
The December 16 fundraiser was timed to coincide with the 234th anniversary of the Boston Tea Party , an event dear to the hearts of Paul supporters , who cherish limited government and low taxes .
We were once free men who came of free stock , or from stock who longed to be free , who sacrificed and fought gladly for freedom .
Responding to peteb dreier s piece ( `` Lessons from the Health-Care Wars '' ) , Michael KARPMAN at the blog Democratize the Progressive Movement has a less sanguine take on the efficacy of progressive organizing : `` The health care battle shed light on just how ineffective the progressive movement is , particularly if you look outside of the labor movement .
The socialized appropriation of the means of production does away , not only with the present artificial restrictions upon production , but also with the positive waste and devastation of productive forces and products that are at the present time the inevitable concomitants of production , and that reach their height in the crises .
To ignore the thousands of scientists who are skeptical of global warming is to ignore the very scientific method that defines good science . ''
raised a point of order that the mandate that individuals purchase health insurance is unconstitutional because it falls outside the scope of the enumerated powers in Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution , and because it violates the Fifth Amendment 's ban on taking private property for public use `` without just compensation .
So intense and pervasive is the atmosphere of fear created by the progressive witch-hunt and its political orthodoxy that progressives themselves can not be assured of immunity from attack .
Of course , a large part of the reason both insurers and hospitals charge prices for care that have little relation to the actual cost of the care is because they have to make up for their losses incurred as a result of costly government mandates such as the no pre-existing conditions mandate .
We all live on the poverty line and people who create events and produce us easily forget how powerful we are in exacting social change .
The low skills required would make a mockery of the promise that digitizing records will result in a sharp decrease in medical errors since the data-entry process would almost certainly produce vast bogs of blunders .
Ironically , it is possible that at the exact moment the Montgomery County Homeland Security squad was harassing a library patron for visiting questionable websites , Silver Spring , Maryland , resident J. Brian Doyle -- a high-ranking official of the federal Homeland Security Department -- was using company computers to surf the web for porn , or to make illicit overtures to underage girls .
The historic gift of our founding set the stage for our exceptionalism as a country , but it has been the American people putting that heritage to work by raising our families , building our communities , creating our prosperity , and defending our freedom that has truly made our country special .
The savings from better health and better quality care can be used to insure every American through a robust , competitive private market that leads to more choices at lower costs .
When all is said and done , there is something about resenting , rejecting , and demeaning men that seems to accompany the overall growth of suffering and evil in society .
The sexual revolution and the Welfare State have conspired to create a vicious cycle in which family breakdown leads to a bigger , more meddlesome government , which leads to even more family breakdown .
More efficient competitors and would-be purchasers of the inefficient corporation 's assets are at a disadvantage ; they are in effect being penalized for their frugality and efficiency to the same extent that the beneficiary of the bailout is being rewarded for its profligacy and inefficiency .
Therefore , the owners of mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) and other asset-backed securities ( ABS ) faced not only their declining values but also great uncertainty about what price they might fetch if and when a holder tried to sell them to anyone else .
OCCUPY WALL STREET ACTIVISTS , IN SPITE OF THE FACT THAT THEIR ranks were a small fraction of the size of the Tea Party community , struggled to maintain basic civility , let alone peaceful cooperation in their tent cities .
If economic conditions require vital investment or another trillion-dollar stimulus program-and not one watered down with useless tax cuts -- he must make that case , and make it clearly and boldly .
But the fear of adverse consequences alone must create incentives to `` teach to the test , '' as high-stakes exams must do .
When America Alone came out , arguing that the current conflict is about demographic decline , globalized psychoses , and civilizational confidence , a lot of folks objected , as well they might : seeing off supple amorphous abstract nouns is not something advanced societies do well .
After all , their party 's reigning ideology inevitably fails to shrink government , and it demonizes an alternative path ( make deals with moderate Democrats to raise taxes and cut spending ) that has been proven to succeed .
I rather suspect that an economic agenda made up of optimistic appeals to that self-reliance and the creation of widely available but not too ambitious federal programs to insure against risk might be considered more appealing to such voters than Great Society-style collective action programs targeted toward discreet populations .
This gave them control of American interest rates , and , by virtue of this , control of the stock market , as well as the capacity to have the U.S. government spend without limit by having the Fed create money from nothing .
To be for laws against child rape means also being in favor of police with guns stopping , apprehending , or securing for punishment men who rape children . ''
And , in a severe recession or depression , when pessimism about future business profits made lenders reluctant to finance investment , even government attempts to lower interest rates would n't help .
`` The Federal Reserve is a monopoly and it controls interest rates artificially low , causing people to make mistakes .
But because uranium is radioactive for a near eternity , it is the poster child for antinuclear activists who rely on public ignorance of radiation dangers to undermine the energy industry or who errantly believe that long half-lives mean long-term danger -- just the opposite of reality .
Alternatively , if the firms are forced to sell off a lot of their mortgage-related investments to cover losses , they could wind up lowering the value of such securities , indirectly raising mortgage rates and putting downward pressure on home prices . ''
Many members of Congress opposed raising the value of Pell grants because they believed ( with reason ) that making Pell grants more generous would encourage further reductions in state spending on higher education and further increases in tuition . ''
These incentives also supply little reason to exert the intellectual and physical effort necessary not only to control costs but also to make complex systems simpler and more user-friendly , as truly competitive firms and industries must try to do when catering to the public .
To be sure , one ca n't build a business on an empty stomach or create a dynamic national economy with one-third of the population crippled by HTV But the philanthropic world must change gears , Birdsall says .
Quite aside from economic concerns , inflation is also a moral evil , not only because it is based on a lie , but because its effects are felt differentially .
We can no longer ignore any of these threats and challenges , and our nation can not afford to allow our elites to waste more time , money , energy , and precious American lives in thoughtless and careless pursuit of agendas and goals that neither honor our traditional values nor assure that the American way of life will prevail in this new century .
As chancellor , he has presided over a long period of economic growth , with low inflation and low unemployment , which has allowed him to stealthily tax the wealthy and give financial credits to the poor .
To secure these , federal officials shamelessly threatened and intimidated Myrtle Poor Bear , the source of these affidavits .
In these terms , individual privacy and government transparency are deeply conservative ideas , be-cause they keep government ignorant and inactive , and thereby prevent it from acting aggressively to right social wrongs .
On the gravestone of its hero -- Ronald Reagan -- is an epithet that suggests how far modern conservatism has traveled from its original basis in theological humility and acknowledgment of original sin : `` I know in my heart that man is good .
But supporters , including Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen , argue that the state has a constitutionally protected interest , under the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection clause , in making sure that there is no fraud taking place during elections .
John Thune , the senator , potential presidential candidate , and apostle of GOP establishmentarianism , asserts that the best way to spur economic growth is `` to allow the people who create the jobs in this country , the people who make more than $ 250,000 , to continue to do well .
Ever since Reagan , Republicans have seen themselves as the party that embraces risk as a worthy feature of American life ; and Giuliani , with his criticism of the social safety net , is very much an heir to this tradition .
But lately that assumption has been challenged by conservative strategists who argue that the best way for the GOP to regain voters ' trust is to go back to the party 's conservative roots by standing up squarely for smaller government , less regulation of business , and traditional `` family values .
Their goal is to create as much self-doubt , hesitation , fear of name-calling , and litigation within police departments and intelligence agencies as possible so as to render such authorities ineffective in pursuing international and domestic terrorist entities .
Still , there 's at least one potential problem with owing so much money to a strategically critical country : We have a vast range of interests at stake with the Chinese , and the focus on all the money we owe them may , at the margins , deprive us of leverage we need to advance those interests .
The real value of Cool It , despite the author 's doctrinaire insistence that global warming is real , is in proving that warming , even if it happens , is not a threat .
Contradictory this kind of atheism might at times be , but those contradictions feed , perhaps constitute , its brand of militancy ; it is because God can not be entirely banished that one is forced to keep on complaining rather than merely finalize one 's elegies .
Environmental and consumer groups could present problems that need redressing , and entrepreneurs , including small businesses , could present new products , technologies , and designs to replace the wasteful , environmentally destructive ones that currently dominate the market .
She points out that people are already suffering from having their blood type or medical history changed by criminals who want free medical care at their victim 's expense .
For this reason , more than any other American habit of liberty , religious liberty is the cornerstone of American freedom and the guiding force that makes America exceptional .
And because they believe income inequality makes people unhappy ( miserable , actually ) through no fault of their own , it is a force of injustice in the world .
We can share ideas about the practical support we can offer one another , the creative solutions we can help forge , and the prophetic leadership we can offer the country .
People in my hometown , for example , were caught by the news media encouraging their children to provoke confrontations with the police in the hope of producing grounds for a lawsuit .
Making climate data and climate model code available to independent researchers will lead to a deeper understanding of the scientific uncertainties surrounding man-made global warming , but this could render projections of future warming less clear , demonstrating that it is harder than previously believed to know what the best policies are to address the problem .
The difference is that under free-enterprise capitalism individuals reap the profits and decide how they will be used , while under socialism the state reaps the profits and determines how they will be used .
In fact , days before the book was available , its argument that Palestinians suffer `` abominable oppression and persecution '' at the hands of the Israelis was dismissed outright by Democratic Party leaders Nancy Pelosi and Howard Dean , as though it might harm their party in the midterm elections .
The book makes a compelling case against the liberal approach to preserving the Earth and its resources , arguing that government controls usually have unintended consequences that prove far worse than the problems they were originally intended to fix .
And , just as was the case in the early years of the Great Depression , Bernanke 's Federal Reserve soon discovered that inducing banks to extend credit was proving a far more difficult task than anyone ( save perhaps a few Austrian economists ) had anticipated .
Because most of us deeply appreciate and exercise our freedom to go about our own business , we will take a lot of punches , abuse , disrespect , and challenges from our own leadership or from abroad .
As Bonelli pointed out , gun-control advocates argue that citizens should wait for the police to deal with criminals , but since the robber killed the people within seconds and even with the fastest response time the police would not make it to the scene until minutes later , the victims could n't afford to wait for the police .
But it would have been nice to have seen a greater consistency from them as they fought the early battles for real spending cuts , when the Tea Party wind at their backs was at its strongest .
The Convention on Climate Change has resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars wasted and misdirected in efforts to regulate harmless carbon dioxide ( which is essential for plant life ) , cripple and destroy fossilfuel industries , and boost alternative `` green '' energy development . ''
Low capital costs are the result of a lot of people acting responsibly for many years : sound currency , institutions protecting private property and preserving the rule of law , inventors devising new and useful products , entrepreneurs bringing those products to market and finding ever-more-efficient ways to satisfy customers , and individuals producing more than they consume and saving for the future .
In recent decades , an immensely powerful , but largely fictional , crisis has been created by the Left that threatens to cripple our American economic system , and radically alter our form of government and way of life far beyond anything we might have imagined in our ugliest nightmares -- the so-called environmental crisis .
Another interesting model is a Wage and Benefits Metric developed by the Northwest Area Foundation , which allows community leaders to assess the quality of jobs offered by a company-so when a new company comes to town , for example , there 's a way to determine if it deserves a tax credit based on the quality of jobs it will produce .
But they can take at least some comfort in looking overseas-where one tiny country has managed to build a popular and successful universal health care program based entirely on private insurance .
( 39 ) Earlier this month , a lengthy New York Times article on Asian admissions issues written by the newspaper 's former Education Editor argued that the use of objective admissions standards had caused the Berkeley and UCLA campuses to become more than half Asian , and suggested that this had led to adverse social and educational consequences .
Whatever the results in Louisiana , one thing is certain : just by making the attempt , we will make a lot of greedy educational bastards unhappy .
These individuals argued that the inflationary policies of the national bank were the root cause of the crisis and that the only solution was a sound monetary policy based on hard currency .
Some of these same people dismiss concerns over weaponized drones arguing that there 's no difference between allowing the police to Taser you or shoot you themselves and using a drone to do the dirty work . ''
It 's having parents who care and are doting on their children 's academics , the argument goes , that 's the reason Catholic and private-school students are succeeding better than government-run school students .
Married women have lower rates of depression than single women , while both single and divorced women are four to five times more likely to be victims of violent crime than their married counterparts .
Indeed , what can destroy family life and values is losing a job that provides the capacity to support your family or being unable to find affordable housing , quality health care , or educational opportunity for your children .
as well as those who have read any of several well-researched books \* disputing both the severity of global warming and the theory that it is caused by man 's activities , will not easily accept the argument that a massive and costly government program is needed to prevent a catastrophic ecological event . ''
The joint statement on the SPP issued on March 23 , 2005 described it as an initiative to `` establish a common approach to security to protect North America from external threats , prevent and respond to threats within North America , and further streamline the security and efficient movement of legitimate , low-risk traffic across our shared borders .
We have assigned pluses to the yeas because Planned Parenthood is the nation 's largest abortion provider , and government should not subsidize the killing of innocent human life .
The abuses come through the use of National Security Letters , a form of administrative subpoena that allow the FBI to force businesses -- including Internet service providers , telephone companies , and banks -- to turn over customer records .
Our Christian neighbors , even the craziest of them , are right to be outraged by this pretense of even-handedness because the truth is that Islam is quite a bit scarier and more culpable for needless human misery than Christianity has been for a very , very long time .
But the root problem is the failure , yet again , of modern Keynesian economics , of which the creation of fiat money to offset alleged economic contractionary tendencies is a central article of faith .
One of the unappreciated advantages of market exchanges is that when consumers pay with their own money and suppliers have to compete for that money by producing value , people are motivated to make decisions that benefit others .
Jackson , pastor of Exodus Faith Ministries in Chesapeake , Virginia , nails the Democrats for their support of abortion and homosexual marriage , and for eschewing Christian values , in the process challenging black Christians to make a mass exodus from the party .
Government charity extinguishes the productive incentives and motivations to improve oneself and achieve ones own wealth and standing in society .
As previously noted , those who argue that China is the main cause of current problems promote the following policy answers : force China to revalue its currency , open its markets to U.S. exports , and play by the rules of competitive capitalism .
Robert Knight , a key figure in the anti-gay rights movement , opined : `` Mary and Heather can believe what they want , but what they 're seeking is to force others to bless their nonmarital relationship as marriage '' and to `` create a culture that is based on sexual anarchy instead of marriage and family values .
One of those economists , Thomas Smith at Emory University , supported the stimulus package , but he now finds that although the funds may have resulted in some people being employed , the stimulus spending in the construction area has not resulted in creating jobs .
The child of the murdered couple was able to arm himself and fired on Lor , killing him .
The case for freeing markets is that such freedom best enables individuals to find ways to use their knowledge and skills to create value for others and thereby create wealth for themselves .
Socialism trades the rights to life , liberty , happiness , and property for some abstract `` common good '' -- which means for the good of the elite , not the good of the citizens , the poor , the producers , or the workers .
Underlying the IP defense is the faulty assumption that imitation produces little value when in fact it is critical to competitive markets and progress , most of which comes through incremental improvements to existing ideas rather than big dramatic breakthroughs .
And , while the state continues to dominate in many strategic sectors , such as finance , energy , and transportation , the great majority of value added in the all-important manufacturing sector is now produced by profit-seeking , private firms .
Nuclear energy is the one energy source that can dramatically reverse our energy dependence , but once again , America acquiesces to `` experts '' like Jane Fonda and Robert Kennedy , Jr. .
Drawing parallels to justified killings of self-defense , Napolitano writes , `` The intentional killing of a baby , for example , can never be right ; a baby is the embodiment of innocence and is in no position to have his or her right to life stripped .
But there is also a positive evil in these programs : in effect , they reward people for not producing .
If anything surprises me , it is how fast and how large the relative weakening has been : A truly competitive great power should not have its trade deficits widening so fast , nor its federal , state , and municipal deficits ballooning at such a pace , literally , into the trillions of dollars .
If we intervene in the labor market and legislate wage rates we consider to be fair , but allow markets to determine how resources are allocated , not only will different kinds of labor be allocated inefficiently , the entire price structure of the economy will fail to reflect the opportunity costs of producing different goods and services leading to further inefficiencies .
We now know that these arguments are confused and incorrect , but at the time many saw the Great Depression as a fundamental failure of the coordinative features of market-based production , requiring a significant role for government to fix .
The New York Times columnist David Brooks boasts of being a `` progressive , national greatness '' conservative , an orientation that seems indistinguishable from a `` Great Society '' liberal ( even if Brooks is willing to criticize the harmful `` unintended consequences '' of LBJ 's welfare state ) .
Businesses failed to hire workers or open factories not because there was a lack of demand for their products , but because constantly changing government policies made them uncertain .
Abstract : The performance of state governments - how effectively they build on the scaffolding of federal reform , how wisely they spend the available federal dollars , how much backbone they show in resisting pressures from opponents of reform , and how much agility they display in correcting the inevitable technical errors - ultimately will determine whether the Affordable Care Act fulfills its promise .
It should be obvious that the best way to reduce gasoline prices is to increase domestic crude oil production ( as well as refinery capacity ) .
We believe America must return to the path of fiscal responsibility that led to unprecedented prosperity during the 1990 's , helping to create more than 22 million new jobs and leading to historic , low levels of unemployment , inflation , crime , and interest rates and high levels of home ownership , access to education and productivity .
That growth , argues sociologist Milmon F. Harrison in Righteous Riches : The Word of Faith Movement in Contemporary African American Religion , is attributable to Reaganite economic policies , the increasing divide between rich and poor , and the gap between the reality of people 's economic lives and the prosperity depicted on popular television shows and in movies .
As one Democratic tactician observes , the time for Democrats to share the political pain for strengthening Social Security is when the White House gets serious about repairing the current system , not at a time when an ideological assault is masquerading as a fiscal fix .
If , for conservatives , the market can serve as a model for society , surely it is because the market is web-like , society-wide , a social entity , a thicket of bonds and connections and influences in which creativity flourishes not least because it is enabled and implemented by others who , gratefully or opportunistically , recognize it .
The Modern Liberal has no choice but to blindly support any policy meant to reward and compensate the failures for the injustices that simply must have befallen them , with the greater failures receiving more sympathy and compensation and the greatest of all failures deserving not only the greatest reward but the right to avenge their victimizers .
The idea of the living constitution is bad enough by itself , but Strauss has shown us that it leads to even greater perversions of truth -- to a `` living '' American history that bears as little resemblance to what the founders of this republic said and did as recent Supreme Court jurisprudence bears to what they thought and meant .
`` Cities are either jubilant that they 've been designated high-risk targets for terrorism , because that means more dollars , more jobs , more shiny riot gear ... or else they 're resentful that they 're lower-risk targets , because there 's fewer ( dollars ) in it for them , '' wrote Pierre Tristam of the Daytona Beach News-Journal .
Those who are taxed under threat of fine or jail to fund the welfare programs lose life , liberty , and property in the process .
Liberals do n't like the insurance excise tax , in no small part because unions do n't want it affecting older workers who won generous benefits in past collective bargaining agreements .
`` Instead of encouraging the use of marijuana , '' said Smith , `` we should strengthen enforcement of federal drug laws to protect Americans from the devastating effects of drug use .
What makes country fans angriest is condescension by liberal elitists who call them dumb and make fun of their piety and patriotism .
Just thank your lucky stars that even such a hopelessly socially challenged species such as yourselves can still benefit from a productive division of labor , thanks to the miracle of the market system .
These liberals propagate racist policies that are based on the assumption that we are too stupid and lazy to take care of ourselves and they try to convince us , often successfully , that we need Big Brother to give us handouts .
It was George Tiller 's misfortune to have a name that rhymed with `` killer '' while at the same time killing ba - ... that is , being an abortion provider .
When we forget that openness is our strength , opportunity is our drawing power , and skepticism of government intervention is our bulwark against tyranny , those are precisely the moments the country becomes a little less free .
Critics of ecosystem markets argue that to truly protect the natural world we must value it for its own sake , not because it helps the bottom line .
On the strength of this argument , and given the increasingly high cost of clinical trials , Epstein concludes that the FDA puts an unnecessary burden on the industry when it requires that manufacturers conduct clinical trials to demonstrate the superiority of a drug candidate over a placebo .
Far from forcing liberals to realize that `` there 's some credibility to conservative views on abortion , '' this argument reinforces core liberal beliefs : that government should work to meliorate poverty , reduce inequality , and provide holistic support for healthy families ; and that poverty creates problems rather than simply reflects individual flaws .
Multinational bodies like NAFTA , CAFTA , and the proposed FTAA `` have far less to do with the free movement of goods and services than they do with government coordination and management of international trade , '' points out Congressman Ron Paul ( R-Texas ) , who enthusiastically supports genuine free trade ( that is , mutually beneficial transactions between producers and consumers without government intervention ) .
The phenomenon of limousine liberals has been around since the '60s - ever since the Ford Foundation started funding radical multiculturalists , ever since Leonard Bernstein hosted a fundraiser for the Black Panthers , ever since rich liberals such as Teddy Kennedy embraced forced busing while sending their own kids to private schools .
There 's a verse in the Bible that summarizes it for me , `` Instruct those who are rich in this present world not to be conceited or to fix their hope on the uncertainty of riches , but on God , who richly supplies us with all things to enjoy .
Every discussion of the causes of the cutbacks in education , within any government school forum , has been overwhelmingly one-sided , with teachers blaming everyone who favors limited government .
But at the same time , supporters of health care reform seemed to me too quick to dismiss old people 's fears as just so much paranoid foolishness .
Their plan is twofold : one , keep interest rates so low that savers are punished , and two , crank up inflation so that households are forced to spend money before it loses value .
What is critical is for a portion of the funds to end up in direct support of local communities so they can have a reasonable quality of life without destroying the forest . ''
But the champions of involuntary psychiatric treatment rarely consider the innocent people who would be stripped of their freedom and forced to take antipsychotic drugs if the government were allowed to lock up potential Loughners based on little more than their wacky beliefs and off-putting behavior .
To this callous `` let them eat cake '' sentiment , true racial progressives must fashion a pragmatic response , one that turns the temperature down , allows white America to save face ... and allows whites to benefit .
It 's high time for liberals to say what logic , evidence , and the lived experience of citizens all show : The efficiency attack on social insurance , far from a self-evident truth , is usually an attack on the ideal of social insurance itself-the notion that everyone , regardless of income or likelihood of need , should be covered by a common umbrella of protection .
What the Gigot argument does is redirect responsibility for the party 's decline to Wilson 's successful 1994 re-election campaign in which he campaigned for better federal control of immigration .
As with so much creative output in our secular age , the work is marred ( though not fatally ) by its hostility to so many of the very axioms -- like Christian virtue and enlightened self-denial -- that gave rise in the first place to Western Civilization , with its commitment , however uneven , to individual liberty .
A government-run soup kitchen might do wonderful and vital work , but only an ideologue would declare one a contender for the best restaurant in the world simply because they give away free food to the poor that is paid for by the wealthy .
As with the argument above , the idea that future generations will be poisoned by our waste unless we carry out curbside recycling programs is ridiculous .
The number one source of our fiscal problems is domestic spending , and for politicians from either party to suggest that we can solve the deficit by cutting defense or disengaging overseas is irresponsible and not true .
Incentive was removed and , worse yet , status was withdrawn from working-class families at the lower end , who were told that the system was to blame for their inability to move up the ladder of success .
Yet , even Democratic President Bill Clinton acknowledged that the Social Security program is in trouble when he said that there were only three options for reforming it : raise taxes , cut benefits , or allow the private investment of some payroll taxes .
When the Roosevelt administration moved to subsidize farming and imposed price controls and limits on the production of agricultural commodities , the consequences -- as is always the case with the ineptitude of centrally planned economics -- would have been laughable if they were not so needlessly tragic . ''
The fact that the gun makes lethal force easier works solely in favor of the weaker defender , not the stronger attacker .
If the Conservative is less anxious than his Liberal brethren to increase Social Security `` benefits , '' it is because he is more anxious than his Liberal brethren that people be free throughout their lives to spend their earnings when and as they see fit .
Outrageously generous pension commitments were ladled on top of big pay and benefit increases for government workers as well as new spending programs aimed at pleasing one constituency or another . ''
Angered that so many dangerously ill patients were being neglected by the government system , the good doctor opened a private clinic to treat those in need The government promptly responded by calling the doctor 's attention to the fact that private clinics were illegal in Quebec .
By doing so , we can choose the good and thereby encourage Hollywood not just to throw Christians the scraps , but to make quality movies with faith and value -- movies that will attract nonbelievers as well as believers and perhaps even soften hearts and change lives , as did The Passion of The Christ .
The ATF , based on DEA wiretap intercepts , had sufficient probable cause to make arrests as early as 2009 , or at least to use other investigative techniques to disrupt the purchases and seize the weapons .
The passion for truth at the heart of Christian faith will always disturb the most passionate and proselytizing skeptics .
During all the years of so-called growth -- a mirage , of course , based on easy credit , asset value inflation , and indebtedness both public and private -- from 1997 to 2007 , both the proportion , and latterly the absolute numbers , of British-born adults in work declined , while the numbers of immigrant workers increased .
The reason we have advanced weaponry and equipment is that we invest countless billions of dollars in long-term research and development , and new weapon systems and defensive technologies can take decades to develop and deploy .
We see this when people are shocked to learn that a neighbor is a serial killer or child molester and say that `` he seemed so normal , '' or when there is a heinous crime in a neighborhood and residents just ca n't believe that `` it '' could happen in their little Mayberry .
For example , until we actually produce more of our electricity from sources other than fossil fuels , it does not measurably change the environment for some states and the federal government to force all of us to subsidize plug-in electric cars by giving tax credits for them .
If you can maintain control of undeveloped and impressionable youth and spoon-feed them misinformation , lies , and half-truths about dangerous , disordered , and extremely risky behaviors , then you can control the future and ensure that those behaviors are not only fully accepted , but celebrated .
In addition , because people in positions of power are able to dispense favors to their supporters , they naturally attract the attention of interest groups that expect to be able to reap tangible benefits , often in the form of special privileges , if candidates they back are appointed or elected .
Under the rubric of discouraging dangerous practices , the draft rules establish narrow and rigid standards that threaten to slam the door to homeownership for millions of otherwise qualified borrowers while simultaneously failing to reduce the risks of default .
Local residents in Harpswell Neck , Maine , are proving that the American people are perfectly capable of taking care of themselves and that they can effectively utilize cost-effective measures to handle safety without putting the community in danger .
All that our modern reporters-as ignorant of such matters as it is possible to be-could do was to fall back on the modern prejudice that tradition is something to be despised because it 's backward and novelty embraced because it 's more enlightened .
We are currently led by those who sincerely believe that free individuals , acting in concert as businesses or investors , can not be trusted to produce satisfactory social outcomes .
Although same-sex advocates demand the freedom to marry -- the recognition of what they view as a constitutionally guaranteed liberty interest -- the essential promise of marriage is a loss of freedom .
At the most aggressive levels proposed by the IPCC , the costs will be so staggering that even many middle-class and low-income Americans will suffer in the face of overwhelming financial challenges as a result of the economic damage resulting from curbs on industrial activity .
Regardless of whether they hate us for our freedoms or for our promiscuous , hegemonic foreign policy , jihadists , like most fundamentalists , seek to forcibly create an atavistic , unchanging idyll .
A report by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission notes that China 's acquisition of the cruiser , should that occur , `` would present a significant threat to the U.S. and its allie ( d ) Asian navies , in addition to the possibility of using its missiles to attack land targets .
In other words , while altruistic motives may have created the welfare state , the welfare state creates selfishness .
To Lindsay , Buchanan was trying to argue at the same time that protectionism was historically consistent with American prosperity -- that it was economically efficient -- while at the same time arguing that we are not homo economicus , that the efficiency of the global market was a threat to the American way of life .
In large part , the answer lies in a simple manipulation of the value of flat money -- that is , money that 's created out of thin air and is not backed by gold or silver .
Those who hope to come across a rationalization of how the Fed fights inflation , even though it is the entity that creates monetary inflation , will also be disappointed .
The problem was that , unless other central banks , especially the Federal Reserve , agreed to inflate in tandem with the Bank of England , the pound would lose value relative to other currencies ( especially the comparatively strongly backed U.S. dollar ) , and Britain 's reserves of precious metals would flow overseas .
`` This new agreement supports local efforts to protect public safety by giving law enforcement the tools to identify and remove dangerous criminal aliens , '' Napolitano said .
With 20 percent of the violent thugs committing roughly 80 percent of violent crime , we have an obligation to swat violent perpetrators like pesky mosquitoes at a summer barbecue .
`` Because it is based entirely on debt and not redeemable in gold or silver coin , the currency emitted by the Federal Reserve System has created and threatens to create increasing instability in the governmental finances and private economy of the state , '' both read .
The best ones have addressed the economic opportunity and security of the working middle class , the working poor , and the needy alike-cementing a political alliance among everyone who is not independently wealthy .
Bad farm policy and bad trade agreements are killing small towns , and small towns and small businesses are the heart of this nation . ''
In the space of a few generations , faith in freedom has been replaced with faith in regimentation -- of industry , finance , health , education , the environment , transportation , and just about every other activity that creates wealth or encourages independence of thought and action .
He nagged Conda , now Marco Rubio 's chief of staff and a Ryan admirer , so often with questions about supply-side economics that Conda lent him two books to keep him busy-Jude Wanniski 's The Way the World Works and George Gilder 's Wealth and Poverty , both foundational tracts for trickle-down Reaganomics .
Because green-jobs proponents promise high-wage jobs , they then must coercively force compensation higher than the competitive wage ( a wage kept low because of low worker output ) through the power of government , thus producing high unemployment .
To plan a whole economy , a planner would have to know the value of every product for every person in the economy at every time and place , since the value of things can change drastically depending on the situation .
This is because the jobs created by the forcible redirection of capital always come at the expense of other , more efficient jobs that the private sector would have created somewhere else .
Ideally , artists will find a rich middle ground , marked by a durable affirmation of this moment 's transformative optimism and a more provisional hope that President Obama will become a great leader .
No doubt the food was not what they were used to , but it was shocking how they preferred to live with extreme obesity and all the serious medical problems that come with it -- because of diabetes , one sister could no longer feel her feet -- rather than change their diets one bit .
The use of the terminology `` pro-choice '' in the abortion debate is the ultimate example of the use of language not as a tool to build civilization , but as a weapon to destroy .
What is more likely over the next 10 to 15 years is a highly exacerbated version of the 1970s -- escalating prices , diminishing real growth , more government manipulation and control , wars , taxation , and massive stagflation with no Volkerian rescue possible because no Fed chairman and no political administration will have the courage to allow the necessary debt housecleaning .
He impugned liberalism as frankly elitist and impulsively hostile to `` the positive features of petty-bourgeois culture : its moral realism , its understanding that everything has its price , its respect for limits , its skepticism about progress .
Thus , the problem was not the toxic chemicals , nor the multinational corporations , but the ignorant and indolent workers and the stupid local people who did not know enough not to build their shanties in close proximity to hazardous factories .
At the Washington demonstration in April , for instance , there were people holding signs attacking Frances Fox Piven and Richard Cloward , two 1960s-era Columbia University sociologists who , Beck claims , were the brains behind both the community group ACORN and Obama 's attempt to destroy capitalism by bankrupting the government through national health care reform .
We have assigned pluses to the `` nays '' because creating money out of thin air and then spending the newly created money can not improve the economy , at least not in the long term .
The rationale for patent protection is that inventors , or the firms that employ them , will not spend large amounts of money to develop a product that a competitor who incurred no development expense can cheaply copy and produce , and thus sell profitably at a lower price than the inventor .
But herein lies their potential soft spot : Millennials can too easily be swayed by slick-sellers of tolerance and compassion , because jumping off the bandwagon of bigotry is their allegiance and generational calling card .
Producing ethanol is throwing good money after bad , which , of course , is why our government provides roughly three billion of our tax dollars in government subsidies to ethanol producers .
The imposition of a legal framework on the intricate web of relationships that have previously existed in the realm of freedom -- that is , outside the law and entirely dependent on the trust and compliance of the individuals involved -- would not only be a setback for liberty but a disaster for those it supposedly benefits : gay people themselves . ''
As anyone with a brain knows , the reason gas prices are through the roof is because OPEC controls supply and therefore massively inflates crude oil prices .
His temper flares in public as it did n't used to do , which may be the result of living a kowtowed-to life or because of the ferocity of his desire to get his wife nominated .
Freedom does not create perfect solutions , but there is abundant evidence that choices and competition improve the quality of life for almost everyone .
If she is unable to distinguish between `` allowing them to die naturally '' and giving them a shot that kills them , we 're all in trouble .
This is true because society-wide immorality and , worse , moral apathy pave the way for amoral people to distort our political system and to take over the reins of government -- a process that the reverend is already seeing happen . ''
For those unaware , the Tea Party Review is the recently launched magazine whose mission , according to editor Steve Allen ( not the Steve Allen who created The Tonight Show in 1953 ) , is to `` provide balance to the conversation '' by challenging the `` Obamaites '' who `` try to punish media organizations for doing their jobs .
Despite the serious subject matter , Creation presents a number of amusing vignettes of man-on-the-street interviews and college demonstrations , which serve to highlight the public 's incredible ignorance of the topic under discussion .
That arrangement necessarily makes the patient and the doctor less concerned with using dollars efficiently for legitimate treatments and less interested in stopping fraud and abuse that may even be occurring in their name .
But this does not explain why nominal wages are not cut during a depression in order to maintain ( not cut ) real wages .
If someone 's breaking into your house after threatening to kill you , that 's getting pretty close .
The second answer is that the market hates uncertainty , and the Federal Reserve 's policies , coupled with President Obama 's additional myriad proposals of spending , regulations , and taxes have created so much market uncertainty and anxiety that lenders are unwilling to lend .
temporarily forgot the document she says she cherishes by making sure not to upset the huge pro-intervention-on-behalf-of-Israel contingency .
The idea that government can benevolently pick the right winners and punish the bad actors is utterly contrary to our sense of justice and common sense .
The legislation will create a new set of incentives and costs , with results as unintended as the current health care system was unintended by those who invented Medicare , who linked insurance tax deductions to employment , who barred interstate competition among insurers , and who forced all insurance companies to offer certain kinds of coverage .
Thus production produces consumption ( 1 ) by creating the material for it ; ( 2 ) by determining the manner of consumption ; and ( 3 ) by creating the products , initially posited by it as objects , in the form of a need felt by the consumer .
Consider the revelation in 2009 that Homeland Security 's Office of Intelligence and Analysis released a document entitled `` Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalism and Recruitment , '' which listed war veterans , anti-abortion activists , small-government advocates , and those concerned about immigration as terrorist risks .
Dr. Paul would be hounded relentlessly by reporters demanding to know if he assumes any responsibility for the hate that caused these murders , and if he felt the need to alter his stand in favor of individual rights and the Second Amendment .
As difficult as the work may seem , I believe we have an obligation to engage in efforts to bring about peace in the Middle East , not only for the benefit of the people of the region , but for the safety and security of our own children as well .
To be sure , the assault on speculators is not purely a `` partisan '' matter : both Barack Obama and John McCain have blamed these supposed evildoers for raising the costs of energy , although Democratic leaders are more practiced at this scolding .
You might hope to implement good public policy to deal with a problem , but if good public policy is impossible , policy nihilism is the more rational response .
As the number of fishermen dwindles , support businesses , like marine supply stores and dock facilities , will also suffer , risking more job loss and hurting economies of coastal communities .
In regard to your article `` A Primer About the Fed '' ( January 7 issue ) , I agree that the Federal Reserve has the dangerous power to shift immense amounts of wealth from one group to another via inflation and deflation because the Fed is , for the time being , in charge of the money supply .
He had won office in 2003 on a promise to `` clean up the mess in Frankfort '' and to abolish `` the good-ol ' - boy system '' that had led Democratic governors to flout the state 's merit-based method for awarding government jobs .
He can say he favors a tax cut for income under that level , but he wo n't have to follow through on that pledge , because Republicans will never agree to pass a tax cut only on income under $ 250,000 .
But the cost of servicing that debt could grow even faster than the national debt itself , as bondholders , growing increasingly nervous about the government 's deteriorating financial situation , refuse to allow the purchasing power of their holdings to be frittered away through inflation and move aggressively to offset such risks by charging significantly higher risk premiums ( interest rates ) . ''
The people of one colony were not liable to pay taxes to any other colony , nor to bear arms in its defense ; they had no right to vote in its elections ; no influence nor control in its municipal government , no interest in its municipal institutions .
But under pressure from the Michigan Education Association , the state has also placed charter school teachers into its troubled defined benefit plan , and it failed to make a permanent reduction in benefits for new hires .
To make matters worse , white anger is rising , too , precisely because of the liberal effort to produce equality of results .
But in all these cases , the media engage in ferocious self-censorship in the service of some idiotic liberal cause .
Yet , Obama has supported federal legislation to supersede the rights of citizens carrying weapons because the laws in those other states are `` threatening the safety of Illinois residents .
I fully support aggressive enforcement of existing standards by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , and I support increased fines for violations of existing obscenity laws and regulations .
They worked for hope and change , but what they got was the short end of a typical collusion between health insurance interests and the Obama administration that forces younger , healthier , poorer people to subsidize the health care consumption of older , sicker , wealthier folks .
Educate your family , neighbors , friends , coworkers , and hunting buddies about how dangerous such control is to the American Dream of individual pursuit of happiness .
Unfortunately , the legislation does not rigidly define `` troubled assets , '' `` financial institutions '' `` significant operations , '' and other important terms , thus allowing Treasury vast leeway for arbitrary decisions on fund allocations and the terms of those allocations .
And , while it 's always a good idea to make the rear echelon -- base maintenance , accounting , and so on -- as efficient as possible , the closer things get to battle , the less important efficiency becomes .
Less than two hours after the tragedy , CNN had already found a talking head to put on who claimed the tragedy was `` inevitable '' due to Arizona 's gun laws and because `` the Right in Arizona , and I 'm speaking very broadly , has been stoking the fires of a heated anger and rage successfully in this state .
Since the book was published , the situation has arguably gotten worse , not better , and the advancement of a few free-enterprise politicians gives little reason to revise that estimation .
Climate scientists rush in overwhelming numbers to repel infection by ideas not supportive of the basic thesis that global warming is perhaps the greatest of the threats to mankind and that it is caused by human folly -- the burning of fossil fuels to support our way of life .
( 3 ) Anyway , offenses such as robbery , rape , murder , burglary , assault , and theft are almost always prosecuted in state courts , so it makes sense to separate these street crimes from cases of illegal nannies convicted of illegal nannying .
The IMF conditions forced the government to cut spending on social services , relax price controls , cut subsidies , deregulate and privatize industries , target inflation , and liberalize capital flows .
In other cases , the parents spent so much of their energy helping their kids see the flaws in other Christian traditions that they neglected to help them see the glories of Christian history and the debilitating intellectual weaknesses of secularism and atheism .
When such laws are founded upon natural law and respect individual liberty , they are justified ; the defense against and punishment for any aggressive act is morally appropriate .
But it was wrong primarily because it undermined the natural basis of sex as exclusively a means to produce babies , not because it was always deemed the taking of human life .
`` As for the important work of restoring inspiration to our great free society and our market economy , I will strive as well to be a leader in that national conversation .
Irrational fear of nuclear radiation is actually causing much environmental damage , while the worldwide economic benefits of nuclear energy are incalculable .
It 's also fatuous to ignore human nature and make empty claims that unemployment benefits are some sort of super stimulus .
Its partner in news broadcast crime , CNN , which was founded in 1980 by one of the original liberal idiots , Ted Turner but has since been taken over by Time Warner , survives despite ratings that reflect the emptiness of its content .
Embracing this argument , one of the health care suits , brought by Mississippi 's libertarian lieutenant governor , Phil Bryant , argues for resurrecting the liberty of contract recognized by the Lochner Court .
Thus tax hikes will increase revenue in the first year or so ( making it politically attractive ) but will result in less revenue coming into government coffers in subsequent years , worsening an already terrible situation .
Chinese officials can be forgiven for worrying , in weaker moments , that the U.S. government is simply playing them for fools -- hawking Treasuries whose value we intend to erode by spurring inflation .
Another vital factor in a recovery is the devalorization of capital resulting from bankruptcies , the sale of failing businesses in the productive sector at large discounts , and state imposed rationalization of industries by shutting down less efficient operations .
The registration , licensing , and eventual banning of forks would certainly fight fat just as well as instituting more restrictions on guns will fight crime .
`` I think the reaction from tea partiers has been , ` Orrin , we 've got decades of votes that contradict what you 're offering us , and , thus far , your votes are more compelling than your mailers .
Phillip Van Cleave , president of the Virginia Citizens Defense League , told the Associated Press there is no valid reason why lawfully licensed gun owners should not be able to keep their firearms with them while in a restaurant while criminals have their own weapons and are n't too worried about obeying the law .
His website has featured pro-life ads directed specifically to Catholics and Evangelicals , with each containing biblical and theological arguments to support the message that a vote for a candidate who defends the right to kill via abortion is a betrayal of faith in God as the author of life .
He called for attention to religion , declaring that `` he is the best friend of American liberty who is most sincere and active in promoting true and undefiled religion and who sets himself with the greatest firmness to bear down profanity and immorality of every kind .
It protested that government health insurance would strip physicians of their autonomy ; Republicans opposed any expansion of the New Deal ; and Southern Democrats joined forces with Republicans , protesting that health insurance would lead to racially integrated hospitals .
Romney supported the TARP bank bailout in 2008 , a bailout that sparked the Tea Party movement 's ire at the use of taxpayers ' money to bail out a few super-rich banks that lost risky gambles on a real estate market bubble .
In categorically rejecting objective notions of truth and decrying traditional value systems , the humanities -- as taught almost without question in schools and universities today -- exist to destroy the very principles upon which humanistic learning evolved and nourished civilization , `` liberating '' culture from the harmful prejudices and hegemonies of traditional religion and morality .
( We should , of course , always distinguish that merely negative envy which begrudges others their advantage from the positive ambition that leads men to active emulation , competition , and creative effort of their own .
In the quest to erode barriers to a more vibrant and cohesive community , those who promote such anti-discrimination laws destroy the right to private property , freedom of assembly , freedom of association , free enterprise , and freedom of contract .
The state and federal governments assert that they are well intentioned , yet they ignore the history that a defenseless citizenry is easy to exterminate .
Abstract : In order to provide an advantage for Chinese industries and companies , and to attract U.S. companies to locate in its country , the Beijing government manipulates its currency , showers subsidies on favored industries , provides low-interest loans from a state-owned banking system , tolerates and even encourages the theft of intellectual property , and ignores WTO rules .
The findings of climate science are being used to justify policies that aim to dramatically shift how the entire world produces and uses energy .
Socialists argue that the owners of capital receive more than their fair share of the profits produced by labor and blame this inequity on the private ownership of the means of production .
The Fed has kept interest rates low based on the underreporting of CPI , and those artificially low interest rates have fueled inflation to finance the loans and have caused malinvestments , both of which have been harmful to our economy .
So now we 're urged to be more respectful of poor people and to stop thinking of them as victims , since to treat them as victims is condescending-it denies them their `` agency .
( His ) abdication of his Christian responsibility to share the Gospel with all non-Christians , his refusal to mention Jesus to Jews , has cost him a few Christian Zionist and Messianic friends but it 's secured him the respect and trust of Likud politicians as well as more radical right-wingers , '' she explains .
He explains how economic freedom made America the most prosperous nation in history and how devices such as MRI and CT scanners have only been made available to the rest of the world as a result of that prosperity .
Since , in this view , all policy is crippled by unintended consequences , since government is a blunt and ineffective instrument , the best course of action is generally inaction .
Yes , there are those who may abuse their moral freedom just as there are those that abuse their economic freedom , but in the absence of government safety nets , they will be forced to take responsibility for those actions .
Only steps toward truly competitive , free-market care , will get us to where we want to go because free-market care will expand the resources -- with the result that even those who get smaller slices of the pie would be better off .
Thus , a financial system that offers `` bailouts '' to failing corporations encourages other lenders and borrowers to make risky investments and engage in unsound , unwise business practices .
In economic matters as in other spheres of human activity , it was widely believed that freedom to choose would prompt citizens to solve problems and improve their condition far more effectively than government coercion could hope to accomplish .
Whatever the intruder intended to do , he changed his mind almost immediately when she pointed her gun at him and said , `` If you come any closer to me , I will shoot you to kill .
He was not pleased that , for example , the encyclical says more about wealth redistribution than wealth creation and spoke of its `` clotted and muddled '' language and `` confused sentimentality .
Bring back the gold standard , shut down the Federal Reserve , cut back our regulations , cut back government spending and taxes , cut back import\/export red tape .
Although it was passed based on an explicit promise not to control the practice of medicine , Medicare is now defined by its many payment processes , which exert substantial influence on how doctors and hospitals treat patients .
In much the same fashion that liberals have long wrongly taught that the Great Depression was the result of a failure of laissez-faire in order to justify FDR 's schemes -- which of course did n't work ( there were more unemployed Americans in 1938 than in 1932 ) -- today 's interventionists also blame the `` free market '' for producing the current financial crisis .
America will create opportunities for all if we keep taxes on income and savings low , have common sense , predictable regulation , and reduce the cost and inefficiency of a runaway litigation system that rewards a handful of lawyers at the expense of the common good .
And , not surprisingly given the extent to which affluent men safely ensconced in liberal urban centers dominate the liberal pundit class , the arguments also greatly understate or ignore the stark class and geographic inequities in abortion access that would inevitably manifest themselves in a post-Roe world .
But here Kurtz lumps together Social Security ( moderate problem ) and Medicare ( much bigger problem ) , and sometimes even Medicaid and interest on the national debt , to force the point that Social Security is in crisis .
We asked again about supporting candidates who are in favor of murdering babies conceived via rape and incest .
CBC members bitterly complained to Pelosi that the often caustic Emanuel harassed them over their party dues and fund-raising output , did n't solicit their campaign advice , and did n't hire enough black aides .
Like in most gun incidents reported in the news , nowhere could I find a dog-attack story that mitigated the culpability of the breed responsible for the attack by pointing to offsetting stories about how a big dog saved its owner from an attack , robbery , or killing .
The result has been an energy crisis created by environmental extremists , politicians , and bureaucrats who , for ideological reasons , favor high energy prices and severely limited energy consumption .
The advantage to corporations and the financial sector of cheap foreign labor can be offset by taxing corporations according to where value is added to their product : a low tax rate if value is added with American labor and a high tax rate if value is added with foreign labor .
One of the few bright spots is that some of these folks above , and others like them , were helped by good men and women who have devoted their life to helping fight these tyrannical government abuses .
Boys and girls , these useful American idiots are known as socialists who despise the free market , capitalism , entrepreneurship , and economic freedom .
He was speaking to a group hosted by the AARP , the massive interest group whose aggressive advocacy for new entitlement spending has been instrumental in creating the daunting unfunded spending liabilities faced by future taxpayers .
Whether it is an ugly-ass wild hog too sick to walk away , or the most adorable little spotted fawn lying helpless in the swampgrass , it is the job of a reasoning predator and a responsible man to put them out of their misery while the city folks sleep comfortably in their neighborhoods .
Liberals frequently stress the equity argument but buy into the efficiency critique because they recognize , correctly , that the market is usually tremendously efficient .
I saw firsthand how government dependency robbed people of their motivation to work , encouraged destructive behavior , and created a sense of entitlement and victimization .
The complexity of a modern economy has defeated efforts to create mathematical models that would enable depressions to be predicted and would provide guidance on how to prevent them or , failing that , to recover from them .
And in recent years these `` deciders '' have been paying more and more serious attention to Movieguide and other similar voices that are expressing Middle America 's demand for more virtue and excellence in movie entertainment and less vice and ugliness .
No matter what the motive , love of ease , or a desire to save from suffering the unborn innocent , the woman is awfully guilty who commits the deed .
But since there 's no rationing of care to control costs as in single-payer systems , we suffer from the high costs of trying to mesh the two systems , instead of relying on a free-market system alone ( or at least relying mainly on the free market ) .
( 45 ) He argued that the higher rate would be desirable both because it would lower the real interest rate and also because it would reduce the debt burden of Japanese homeowners and corporations .
The meeting had been scheduled for several days ; but , as luck would have it , the previous night Paul had gone from an oddball obscurity to a major sensation in the political world when , answering a question about September 11 , he seemed to suggest that the attacks were justified by an aggressive U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East .
Opinion polls , as well as reports from congressmen fresh from town hall meetings with constituents , indicate that voters overwhelmingly favor the House 's approach and are outraged with the Senate 's proposals to vastly increase legal immigration levels while also rewarding those who have flouted our laws .
The battle has been fought and won , the argument has been made and triumphed , that government can not and should not be the central system for running our economy . )
The group behind Citizens United v. FEC is an organization `` dedicated to restoring our government to citizens ' control ... Citizens United seeks to reassert the traditional American values of limited government , freedom of enterprise , strong families , and national sovereignty and security .
`` We want to change people 's minds about the horror of abortion , '' he said , `` to make it clear that it 's not right to kill children in the womb .
Not least , they recorded their rage with the nearly $ 500 billion of the $ 787 billion stimulus package spent by Congress in tax cuts and subsidies that have yet to trickle down to produce jobs .
In the sobering phraseology of Investor 's Business Daily 's Ernest S. Christian and Gary A. Robbins , `` under Dodd-Frank , ( Obama ) and his agents will control all credit and financial transactions , rewarding friends and punishing opponents , discriminating on the basis of race , gender and political affiliation .
It was a clearly observable law that the more bitterly a woman could be heard complaining of the university 's institutional sexism , the more likely it was that she was ugly , hopelessly passive , or not all that bright .
But the founders were just as adamant that the inculcation of virtue was primarily the task of the private sphere , of individuals figuring out their own moral systems or religious faiths , of schools and parents teaching children the virtues they wanted to pass on , of churches free of any government meddling , inspiring and helping people to lead good lives .
If the money for the program is borrowed and created out of thin air through the Federal Reserve , then the newly created dollars interjected into the economy will erode the value of already existing dollars , causing prices to rise for goods and services , including cars .
But even if editors and managers miraculously figure out how to master the Internet , papers wo n't be able to make enough money from Web ads to pay for the workforce they need to produce the kind of strong journalism everyone from Thomas Jefferson to Rupert Murdoch agrees is vital to keeping the Republic free , informed , and self-governing .
Instead , liberal principles encourage the emergence of a behemoth state and its attendant bureaucracies in order to safeguard favored rights , engage in income distribution , and destroy lesser authorities such as states , churches , or voluntary organizations that stand in the way of the total state .
He refers skeptically to European friends who try to envision a form of capitalism that would temper our individualism with a `` social market '' -- a phrase the author , perhaps forgetting Wilhelm Roepke 's work on the social framework of a free economy , finds redundant .
All the evidence from world and American history confirms that freedom solutions are far superior to government solutions ; freedom solutions do not create perfection , but they have proven superior to government alternatives .
An entertainer once said a sucker is born every minute , and surely this is the case with those who support nationalized health care .
Because moderate government has produced remarkable results , this moderation has been abandoned ; because large taxes have been raised , one has wanted to raise excessive ones ; and , disregarding the hand of liberty that gave this present , one has turned to servitude , which refuses everything .
The current political and economic climate no doubt makes more difficult an argument for privatization , especially when raising taxes to `` save '' programs seems to be Washington 's first response .
According to state and local police reports ( as cited by the NRA 's Institute for Legislative Action ) , `` assault weapons '' are used in about 1 percent of murders ; by comparison , more than 30 percent of murders are committed with no firearms at all .
If he produces nothing , if what he produces has no value ( mud pies ) , if what he produces loses its value ( stone knives in the Bronze Age ) , or if he produces more than can be consumed ( houses after a housing bubble has burst ) , he has no effective demand though his needs be unchanged .
Topping them all , at last in terms of rhetorical panache , is Mark Anthony Neal or , as he frequently refers to himself , the `` Thug-Nigga-Intellectual '' - a `` dangerous nigger and America has never romanticized about its fear of angry ` do n't give a f -- k ' niggers .
There are also a surprising number of middle grounders leaking equal parts confusion and skepticism about `` this global warming business .
`` Even if you have good credit history , it would be more difficult for you to get the loans you need to buy a car or send your children to college , '' he said , as if he did n't understand that the financial crisis was triggered in the first place by unprecedented access to easy credit .
Thus , even accepting the Ryan plan at face value , it promises at least 20 more years of budget deficits , as well as steady increases in federal spending after dipping slightly from 2011 to 2012 .
That sense of insecurity will make a person less likely to invest in specialized training , cultivate new career paths , aggressively change jobs-the very things that are likely to allow that person to get ahead .
But arguing from the lesser to the greater , if even children detect and justifiably resent hypocrisy , tens of millions of grown adults are nothing short of outraged when they see it in their elected leaders .
We , the public , have choices to make about who gets to receive a quality education , who benefits from the promises of public education , who enjoys optimal freedom in America and who does not .
He wants to kill the relatively small advantages for those producing reliable energy , such as those tax write-offs that also apply to other manufacturers , so he can hand out additional subsidies to political cronies in the fields of wind and solar energy and largely unprofitable green businesses .
I won my primary because I had the support of the Tea Party , the support of the liberty movement , and the support of Ronald Reagan Republicans .
At one point an angry Aunt Dahlia looks `` like a tomato struggling for self-expression '' ( not bad ) ; at another she shies `` like a startled mustang '' ( not good ) .
These personal dimensions of busts are used to justify government intervention , whether creating a safety net or drawing up regulations aimed at smoothing out the cycle supposedly inherent in the free market .
In a free society , Milton Friedman wrote in Capitalism and Freedom , `` there is one and only one social responsibility of business -- to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game , which is to say , engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud .
But like other recent tax policy attempts to jump-start the housing market , it is likely that such changes would have unintended consequences and end up becoming different means of creating similar distortions in economic decision making .
No matter how much liberals wish it were otherwise , no matter how much it offends their sensibilities , no matter how many lectures they deliver on greed , the fact remains that free enterprise is the best system for producing wealth and lifting people out of poverty .
Now questions have been raised about whether Dodd returned the favor when he agreed to insert language into an amendment to the stimulus bill to permit the retention of bonuses that had already been awarded .
In this same spirit , the Treasury 's plan for `` protecting consumers and investors '' means `` making more regulations to relieve consumers and investors of the responsibility of making informed choices and accepting the consequences of risk .
And while the federal mandates were designed to create a single standard , what they 've done is create enough confusion among different accountability measures that it could `` cause the public to sour on the whole thing .
They ended up in the hands of a relatively small number of people and companies whose purpose was far more nefarious than merely making profits : The raiders who trashed our markets sought nothing less than to use the control they had gained over our financial system to put a wet-behind-the-ears leftist president in office . ''
This leads to the Unraveling , during which the High 's values come under greater assault , financial speculation increases , and boom and bust cycles become more violent .
Religious reasons , in other words , can not be a permissible justification for action , and liberal scholars have spent many agonized words over the supremely condescending question of how to allow religious people into public life while leaving their faith behind .
For instance , the Motion Picture Code ensured that scripts upheld the value of human life , that sin and wrongdoing were not justified , that brutality , indecent exposure , and sexual relationships would not violate standards of common decency .
Similarly , Texas has led the nation in enacting commonsense reforms for asbestos litigation ; we made sure that damages are awarded only to people who are truly sick from asbestos exposure instead of allowing lawsuit mills to gin up cases for thousands of people who show no evidence of asbestos-related illness .
If the free market in food production can be supported , strengthened , and expanded , then any future food crises will be greatly reduced in impact , starvation will continue its downward trajectory , and human beings can be allowed to grow , thrive , and prosper through their own efforts in a climate of freedom .
It is to be hoped that a radical conservatism embraces this opportunity and creates and facilitates this future for us all : free association and a self-organizing citizenry producing the norms and the universals that alone license a civic state , a plural society , and a participative economy .
Public-sector labor unions are deadly serious about politically and personally destroying Governor Walker because right now he is the only reformer whose actions might actually end labor union dominance over government .
If they succeed imposing their regulatory regime , by 2050 they will have had no effect on the Earth 's climate -- which will have scarcely changed from the climate experienced today -- but the people enjoying the fine , mid-century weather will likely be poor , unemployed , and hungry as a result .
We have assigned pluses to the `` nays '' because the federal government acting as an insurer , a micromanager of markets , and a wealth redistributor is unconstitutional and will undoubtedly affect market behavior , leading to more and worse market strife .
The complaints take many forms-Medicare has an antique payment policy , it does n't effectively `` manage '' care , it makes patients pay too much out of pocket-but most of these criticisms boil down to a simple battle cry : Medicare needs radical modernization to encourage competition and incorporate the private sector more fully .
If you look back , governments have never created wealth , but they certainly destroy it , '' Bailey noted .
In a September 8 , 2011 editorial , the Wall Street Journal , citing other evidence that stimulus spending was `` poorly targeted , '' argued that `` the economy would have benefited far more if the government had instead improved the incentives for people and businesses to invest , produce and grow , '' presumably through lower taxes and relaxed regulation .
Within a very few years , unfunded liabilities -- specifically Medicare and Social Security -- will consume a portion of our gross domestic product equivalent to `` virtually 100 percent of all federal taxes , on a present value basis , '' Bartlett observes .
Since `` ruinous competition '' was ( incorrectly ) believed to be a cause of the depression , the ironically named Recovery Act encouraged industries to establish codes of `` fair competition , '' which if approved by the president became binding , and which essentially were agreements among competing firms to fix prices and , in conjunction with unions , wages .
Immigration critics have persuasively argued that the current system amounts to the classic case of economic special interests managing to privatize profits while socializing costs , wherein immigrant employers receive the full benefits of the labor done by their low-wage workforce while pushing many of the costs -- including explicit income subsidies -- onto the taxpayers .
While it 's true that many rich people used their money to help bring about Democratic control of Washington , every day brings a new example of the rich using their money to ensure that Democrats pose the least possible harm to their interests .
The dominance of such worldviews -- to the detriment of free inquiry and the perversion of the educational mission -- accounts for the overwhelming liberal bias in American education , the uniformly leftist sentiments of faculties and administrators , and the impressive success of schools in churning out factually illiterate , technically incompetent , but politically liberal and increasingly activist graduates .
Some business leaders argue that American employees are simply anti-union , a consequence of our culture 's strong individualistic ethic and opposition to unions as uninvited `` third parties '' between employers and their employees .
That failure is creating a new underclass of citizens , not to mention making liars out of entire education departments , both state and federal .
Targeting the largest U.S. oil companies for making higher profits creates a disincentive to in creasing exploration and production , and undermines the exceedingly large capital base required to rebuild after hurricanes devastate the oil patch .
We 've been able to expand our crude production , able to have some more energy efficiency , but we still import more oil from abroad than we produce here .
High interest arises from three circumstances : A great demand for borrowing ; little riches to supply that demand ; and great profits arising from commerce ( hence the desirability of demanding more loans ) : And these circumstances are a clear proof of the small advance of commerce and industry , not of the scarcity of gold and silver ( money ) .
Because logic and facts are not on their side , they instead try to enflame emotion to evoke fear and guilt in their feeble attempt to recruit intellectually weak adherents to their classic `` feel good '' cause .
Finally , I want to challenge the liberal notion that the private sector is motivated by greed , while the public sector is motivated by noble idealism .
Fed up with the petty bureaucratic niceties of finishing her term , fed up with partisanship , Palin was leaving to fight for her country , manage her PAC for fruitful abundance , and help anyone else who was proud to be a God-given American , regardless of party affiliation or favorite Supreme Court ruling .
By lowering the tax and regulatory burden on individuals and businesses , we will unleash once again the full force and energy of the free market , generating greater prosperity and promoting fiscal stability .
But , the same article proceeded to explain , `` the threat of a recession would make it harder to advocate allowing President Bush 's tax cuts to expire , as the lower rates are scheduled to do in 2010 , and easier for Republicans to argue that Democratic proposals to raise taxes on the rich risk making the economy worse .
Herring and her friends had help and guidance from Americans United for Life , a nonprofit law firm in Chicago that has pushed to end abortion through an `` incremental '' approach-as opposed to a `` frontal assault '' championed by other groups-ever since the Supreme Court legalized the procedure in 1973 .
In Atlas Shrugged , her hero , John Galt , leads a capitalist strike , in which the brilliant business leaders who drive all progress decide that they will no longer tolerate the parasitic workers exploiting their talent , and so they withdraw from society to create their own capitalistic paradise free of the ungrateful , incompetent masses .
Yet despite that campaign assertion and the fact that Congress has no constitutional authority to arbitrarily forbid certain types of guns , McCain actively supported bans on so-called `` assault weapons '' and `` Saturday night specials , '' two classes of guns demonized by anti-gun activists for their affordability , magazine capacity , and other irrelevant characteristics such as having military-style `` looks .
Following suit with its Himalayan claims , the IPCC exaggerated once again to include the entire Amazon in the WWF assertion and implied that the trees would be killed primarily by the reduction in rainfall , not by fires caused by dry conditions .
The company 's share of the proceeds is unknown as of yet : `` The rates of payments under the system shall be within the range of those prevailing in respect of land-based mining of the same or similar minerals in order to avoid giving deep seabed miners an artificial competitive advantage or imposing on them a competitive disadvantage .
There was nothing in the Constitution to allow for creation of a national bank , and certainly no authorization for Congress to create a monster such as the Federal Reserve .
The presumption of knowledge and multiple efforts to improve on market outcomes by the government has resulted in systemic damage to the economy and real pain for countless individuals caught up in the boom and bust of government intervention .
So the banks will make a killing by scooping up distressed assets at low prices then waiting for the government to inflate their value or buy them outright .
Bernanke praised the `` critical role of government policy in supporting , or at least permitting , global economic integration '' by creating `` the institutional framework supporting global trade , most importantly the World Trade Organization , '' but also `` regional frameworks and agreements , such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the European Union 's ` single market .
But all such arguments obscure the neglected , and only correct , alternative : leave private corporations , large and small , alone , to succeed or fail as market forces dictate .
The only trouble is , right now there are too few people working on these clever schemes ; because the industry has stag-nated for so long , nuclear energy does n't tend to attract as much research interest these days .
The `` starve the beast '' approach-the idea that slashing government revenue through perpetual tax cuts eventually creates a fiscal situation that leaves eliminating popular programs as the only responsible solution-is perhaps the best known of these indirect attacks on government .
And so , in this important cultural debate , Douthat has chosen silence : `` One way to think about this is , I am not comfortable making arguments against gay marriage to my gay friends , '' he says .
Numerous costly federal programs have since been created to address these problems caused by the unintended consequences of poverty and welfare programs .
Snide declarations from people who would never want to own large-capacity magazines that they are good for nothing but killing innocent people ignore the fact that they are almost never used for that purpose and that law enforcement agencies regularly use them for self-defense .
But Kerry never developed a compelling argument about the economy and how he would fight for working people .
Accepting the God-given condition that all things are endlessly paired in everlasting opposition , Frost was convinced of `` the difficulty or impossibility of resolving complex religious , moral , intellectual , and social problems through well-intentioned but simple monistic assumptions , methods , or conclusions .
Despite the paucity of evidence backing the contention that human greenhouse gases produce extraordinary harmful global warming , government is both actively trying to boost green energy and green jobs and penalize `` dirty '' energy with regulations .
Minnesota law allows a homeowner to use deadly force on an intruder if a reasonable person would fear he were in danger of harm .
by contrast , no one in the school was able to stop two teenage killers , who strolled through the corridors and classrooms one April day in 1999 , killing 13 people and wounding two dozen more , while a SWAT team waited outside .
And just to be sure that they are utterly delighted , Mansfield smears all over the top of his dish a thick layer of sneers and jibes , rather like anchovy paste , delicious to some but revolting to others -- patronizing characterizations of women as harboring a `` secret liking for housework , '' or enjoying `` the pleasurable duty of henpecking .
What is bothering Americans most about immigration , legal or illegal , is that it frays -- and threatens to rip -- the social fabric ; it makes them feel that things are out of control .
Another aspect of American exceptionalism we are in danger of losing today is our belief in free markets and good old-fashioned American hard work and ingenuity .
Destroy the banking monopoly , establish freedom in finance , and down will go interest on money through the beneficent influence of competition .
The Democratic argument , said Laffer , also ignores the impacts of unemployment benefits on employer costs and the need to make an after-tax profit .
While there certainly may be a number of factors contributing to America 's success and great wealth , one tradition and idea secured by the Constitution towers above the rest : freedom .
But the president apparently does not share public anxiety over skyrocketing energy and health care costs , higher interest rates , lower real wages , and job insecurity .
One of the key contemporary proponents of natural law is Robert P. George , of Princeton University , a Catholic political theorist , who , along with other public intellectuals such as Richard John Neuhaus and George Weigel , played a key part in creating the theoconservative movement and integrating it into mainstream Republicanism .
But in order to realize this energy potential , we have to get serious about actually producing American energy , which starts with allowing producers to do what they do best : creating affordable and reliable energy .
Doing away with them would deprive the system of an important force for visibility ( lawsuits reveal what the worst medical providers are doing ) and aligned interests ( lawsuits pressure medical providers to take better care of their patients ) . ''
The May 6 Racine County Journal-Times , reporting on a recent attack by four teenaged assailants on a 42-year-old victim , pointed out the unintended consequences of having too many gun-control laws on the books .
The unions and the local politicians have built school systems almost perfectly designed to repel the talented and attract the mediocre ; to repel the enthusiastic and reward the exhausted .
He sees `` a defense budget caught between two stools : higher than needed for basic security but far lower than required to eliminate all villainous governments and groups everywhere .
On September 29 , the Kansas City Star reported that longtime married couple Kay and Bob Curtis `` are a pistol-packing pair with a federal firearms license who make and sell their own ammo , train people how to drop a bad guy at 30 feet , and teach women how to fight .
Given to trite answers , they came up with a few non-explanations : pulling their dog-eared copies of Richard Hofstadter 's The Paranoid Style in American Politics off the shelves , they declared the Tea Partiers to be a symptom of `` status resentment , '' which according to Professor Hofstadter 's ad hominem argument always gives rise to `` extremism .
We do n't solve environmental problems by abandoning our attachment to private property or free enterprise , but we can make sure that these notions are shaped by the spirit of trusteeship .
Jacob Hornberger ; We are a libertarian educational foundation and our mission is to present an uncompromising case for the libertarian philosophy , or individual liberty , free markets , and limited government .
Freed from the stifling effects of direct state control , the newly privatized entities quickly moved to adopt Western business practices that attracted investment and led to marked improvements in performance .
This contradiction follows an intrinsic duality of capitalism that encourages unlimited production of use values , while at the same time restricting the absorption of commercial goods .
Another question asked respondents who favored eliminating the estate tax about their reasons for doing so ; more than six in 10 endorsed the statement , `` It affects too many people , '' while almost seven in 10 agreed , `` It might affect YOU someday .
There was no need for an interlocking set of special institutions , Mafia-like in their demand for loyalty , to promulgate conservative thought , reward the faithful , and intimidate the press and any dissenters .
Because unchastened , those same Democrats who ran roughshod over the most basic laws of free markets then chose to use the ill effects of their actions to attack capitalism itself .
The critical challenge of the 1930s was to revive private-sector growth and employment , which makes everything else possible , not to do costly , socially worthwhile things that increase burdens on the private sector and make recovery more difficult .
`` Never before , I doubt , has so much money ever been squandered , so much suffering and poverty exacerbated , so much economic damage been inflicted , so many lies promulgated , and so much environmental destruction wrought in order to deal with a problem so microscopically minuscule .
Tax and regulatory burdens that drive up our energy costs have a tremendous negative impact on our competitiveness vis-a-vis foreign production and , ultimately , kill domestic jobs .
Rand was able to develop her objectivist philosophy by taking time in her book to explore , expand , and preach the stark difference between the freedom of the entrepreneur and the dull , drab weariness of the fascist economy that destroys opportunity , wealth , and freedom while claiming to `` equalize opportunity '' for everyone .
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men , the great difficulty lies in this : you must first enable the government to control the governed , and in the next place oblige it to control itself .
This meant there was never any surplus cash in the business , and all growth or unplanned expenses had to be financed with debt ( profits were discouraged with high taxes , and debt was encouraged because interest was deductible ) .
Alarm over the growing assisted suicide movement , together with hopefulness concerning the potential for change in the Supreme Court 's makeup , and encouragement from pro-life gain on a number of fronts , contributed to a boost in numbers at right-to-life rallies this year .
Because Alan Greenspan was committed to keeping inflation low , any Clinton administration economic policy of benign neglect applied to the deficit would be very likely to produce a substantial recession .
( The original data had been conveniently discarded for `` lack of storage space '' ) Alarmists had also trivialized urban heat island effects and ignored the elimination of low-temperature reporting stations from global temperature records .
Radical feminist insistence upon seeing slights , harassment , and male victimization of women everywhere has made campuses , workplaces , and society less comfortable places .
For many years , advocates of federal aid denied that aid implies control , but in the light of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 they can not very well maintain their position .
One by one , labor leaders began to buy Gerard 's argument that Apollo was labor 's best bet for ensuring that U.S. workers would become the beneficiaries , not the victims , of efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
This polarity tended to result in a defensive political rhetoric and a corresponding amplification of political antagonisms , a dynamic the Mubarak regime repeatedly encouraged and exploited in order to ensure a weak opposition .
Strict gun-control laws , including banning guns , will likely lead to an increase in murders and other violent crime here because our present high murder rate is a reflection of our culture , not guns , and because the law-abiding would then be largely disarmed .
Dilulio concludes with a powerful argument to the effect that , next time around , liberals should realize that they share common ground with religious conservatives on the need to help the poor .
One can only imagine how many random idiots with petty bureaucratic government jobs have tried to resign in protest to get in on the anti-Bush loot . ''
With the Great Depression , however , governments reacted very differently , trying to prop up failed corporations ( especially banks ) , creating jobs by spending taxpayer dollars on wasteful public works projects , and , in general , doing everything they could to hamper the ability of the markets to correct themselves .
One reason : Private insurance already subsidizes the cost of treating the uninsured , since doctors and hospitals charge paying patients extra to make up for the money they lose on charity care .
It should be no surprise that threats to family life and threats to free enterprise are interrelated .
In Nashua , he explains , `` People become Republicans because they want low taxes , fiscal discipline , and a strong national defense .
Frank argues that working - and middle-class Americans should not vote for Republicans on the basis of such issues as abortion , but if he really views populist economics as a matter of prime importance , he would argue instead that Democrats should expunge the social liberalism that has alienated the party from many of its former supporters .
As it loaning out such an enormous sum in taxpayer dollars to both domestic and foreign banks were not outrage enough , the Federal Reserve dramatically relaxed its own standards for collateral , in effect permitting borrowing institutions to dump junk assets as collateral for bailout monies .
Until we do we are defenseless against the posturing of radical environmentalists and destined to eventually lose the most incredible source of clean , safe , and reliable energy that man has ever been fortunate enough to enjoy .
As reported in THE NEW AMERICAN , the FFA was written to exempt guns that were manufactured in-state for use in-state from federal gun-control laws because they are not within the parameters of `` interstate commerce , '' since the Interstate Commerce Clause is used as the rationale for empowering the federal government to control guns in states .
In addition , because of cheap products made in countries with lax environmental standards , countries with burdensome environmental restrictions will be adversely affected in the way of employment .
Treating the market economy as if it were the medieval church , even liberal New York Times columnists have felt the need to genuflect before the one true faith , perhaps fearing that their criticisms of our economic mess would get them burned as heretics .
Such a system , which strongly penalizes financial speculation , encourages wealthy individuals to keep their savings locked up in corporate stock , where they will be used actively by the business firm , and discourages firms from increasing their dividend payout or the grant of stock options to their top management .
When Medicare squeezes-whether intelligently or crudely-the providers of medical care react by increasing charges to their other customers , like workingage people covered by private insurers . )
The distinction here is important : freedom requires that government not force religious doctrine or morality onto the people , but it must allow the free operation of religion , freedom of association , and the practice of religious-based values throughout society .
But to have a calm , deliberate discussion to develop such a policy , we need to secure the borders and enforce the law , so that we can make decisions that focus on economic improvement and advancing the rule of law , instead of holding this issue hostage in a cynical attempt to create Democratic voters .
Manzi observed that Levin rested his case on an argument from authority ( not to mention several arguments ad hominem , on which Manzi chose not to dwell ) , but the authorities to which he appealed either had no expertise in climate science or else did not actually reject anthropogenic global warming .
Abstract : Like other Web-based lenders , Kabbage.com is given access to an applicant 's credit scores , transaction history , website traffic , account activity on eBay and Amazon , payment disputes , and other metrics that determine a borrower 's risk profile .
In contrast to the private sector , job security and employment growth in the public sector depend not on delivering a superior product at low cost but on perpetuating problems at higher and higher costs .
Here , Associate Director Tweeny outlines the office 's objectives , which include 1 ) `` allocating resources to areas that are producing the outcomes we value '' ( read : `` let 's jump on the ` diversity ' bandwagon '' ) ; 2 ) `` satisfy the requirements of accrediting agencies and funding agencies '' ( read : `` make connections with gurus like Shakti Butler '' ) ; 3 ) `` strengthen arguments for increased funding .
In his 2004 preface to The Rise of the Creative Class , Florida declares that there is no reason why work such as cleaning offices and delivering food `` has to be rote '' and that the country needs to `` more fully tap the creative talents of the legions of people who work in hair salons .
Perhaps a fruitful subject for Napolitano 's next book could be the topic of abortion that , much like slavery , he personally opposes as an obvious violation of natural law : `` The Dred Scott case is widely considered to be one of the greatest disasters in Supreme Court history because it defined blacks as non-persons .
In his homily at that event , Benedict spoke against abortion , affirming `` the truths which alone can guarantee respect for the inalienable dignity and rights of each man , woman and child in our world -- including the most defenseless of all human beings , the unborn child in the mother 's womb .
Labor unions deliver benefits to their members the same way the Mafia does , through harassment , intimidation , and violence .
Certain changes in the types of fuel used to alter emissions intensity , for example , may adversely affect the potential to improve energy intensity or economic growth , and vice versa .
The allegations come from ATF whistle-blowers who allege the poorly run operation may have resulted in weapons that were used in the murder of federal law-enforcement agents .
Taxes , argued Douthat , are set to rise in 2013 when the Bush tax cuts expire , making at least a partial tax hike nearly certain if Obama wins reelection .
They are typically in their thirties and forties , were indoctrinated at liberal universities , support the Democratic Party platform , support the Occupy Wall Street movement and pretty much despise or dismiss the Bible .
In the real world , the attempt to plan economic systems produces inefficiency and waste ; the attempt to redistribute wealth diminishes well-being and individual liberty ; the attempt to unify society crushes its freedom ; the ambition to make people equal establishes new forms of tyranny and submerges human individuality in totalitarian designs .
The economy failed to create enough jobs to either absorb the natural growth in the labor force or extend prosperity to disadvantaged Americans who were out of the labor force .
The driving force behind Tibetophilia today is not political solidarity with the Tibetans and certainly not any positive argument for full democratic equality , but rather a sense of disgust with Western life .
As he noted , the tax `` kills jobs , hurts small businesses , destroys family farms and President Obama 's plan to hike it from zero percent to 55 percent next year is unconscionable .
To the extent that the sluggishness of the economy since 2007 reflects widespread doubts about its long-term prospects , the 2009 stimulus package may have been worse than useless because it confirmed investors ' growing fears about U.S. profligacy and fecklessness .
Fortunately , Secretary Kempthorne showed some restraint in noting that the Endangered Species Act was never intended to regulate `` global climate change , '' stating : `` Listing the polar bear as threatened can reduce avoidable losses of polar bears .
Paul is a sort of godfather to the Tea Party movement , and getting Tea Partiers stirred up about Romney 's perfidious support for the health care mandate ( albeit only at the state level ) would certainly be worthwhile .
The next president can tilt those struggles in favor of smart security strategies that are faithful to our shared notions of liberty .
At press time , Council of Economic Advisers Chairwoman Christina D. Romer ( who , confusingly , made her academic reputation proving that fiscal stimulus did not help the U.S. economy during the Great Depression and World War II ) was giving the stimulus credit for 1.5 million American jobs in 2009 .
Economists across the political spectrum agree that letting the government pick winners and losers distorts the free market , causing capital and labor to follow the dictates of Washington rather than the invisible hand .
There are freedom solutions to education , health care , and Social Security , as well as for American energy supplies , our tax code , and transportation system .
For instance , the Federal Reserve responded to the 1991 recession with low interest rates and the ready availability of credit , helping to create the tech bubble , a phenomenal increase in the price of technology stocks accompanied by heavy investment in the sector .
Serious scientists , notably the German Liebig , had drawn attention to a really disturbing phenomenon , the increased exhaustion of the soil , the Raubbau , resulting from greedy capitalist methods of exploitation aimed at getting the highest profit in the shortest time .
If income is shrinking , cut expenses : It 's a debate inherently favorable to conservatism , which has long held the goal of shrinking the size of government ( a commitment that generally ignores defense spending to focus on domestic programs ) .
We need to end the cartel-like character of the higher education industry , where private universities can keep consumers in the dark about their admission practices and educational product and still charge exorbitant prices without worrying that a competitor will emerge to challenge their market dominance with a cheaper and better product .
Certainly one of the most striking examples of this harmful symbiosis between government insiders and the business elites is the collusion among the principal Wall Street bankers and the Wilson administration to create the Federal Reserve system , which gave the houses of Morgan and Rockefeller de facto control over our currency and credit and , virtually , our entire economy .
This includes , to quote the Oregon bill as introduced , having `` each state agency ... maintain a copy of each monthly statement for all its credit cards '' used by employees and requiring each month 's statement to be made available on the Internet within 30 days after it was paid , with only the credit-card number deleted .
In other words , Dawkins asserts that all reasoning people will agree with him ; anyone who disagrees has been `` indoctrinated '' Given his ad hominem dismissal of all criticism at the outset , one wonders how his attitude could leave any room for rational discussion with him concerning his inflammatory assertions -- and this question looms larger with every page .
Post acknowledges this kind of transitional form when he describes how merchant capital was able to compel farmers after the Revolution to engage in petty commodity production to pay their mortgages . ''
As in the Roaring Twenties , so too in the Roaring Eighties and Nineties : easy-money policies brought about by artificially depressed interest rates encouraged a bacchanal of debt , a disdain for savings , and an appetite for risk that overwhelmed the sober wisdom of more prudent generations .
Feminist scholars spin this as `` the dominant white male ideology behind lynching ... that white womanhood was in need of protection against black men , '' suggesting fantastically that white `` patriarchy '' used rape accusations to break up a progressive political romance developing between black men and white women .
As quick as he is to lay blame at BP 's door , Obama is apparently less eager to own up to the role that blatantly unconstitutional federal regulations have played in making a bad situation exponentially worse .
Each dollar that the government decides to use for its own political purposes is one less that is available for private interests to invest in something that might create a wealth-producing , not wealth-redistributing , job .
It created no enemies and made him `` effective at representing the firm '' with clients , recalls another colleague .
Orange County Sheriff 's Commander Paul Hopkins described the action : `` During this attempted robbery , the victim , who holds a concealed weapons permit , pulled out his weapon and fired shots into the bad guy .
One might note that all of these elements are increasingly under attack from politicians , but a successful assault on the access we have to the energy that powers our economy would devastate our country -- even if we did everything else right .
International economic forces are limiting wages for most U.S. workers , increasing income inequality , and heightening pressure on the World War II-era system of benefits provided through the private sector .
He has considerable personal advantages over Paul -- eight years of executive experience , greater campaign-trail energy , better communication skills -- and today 's GOP is dominated by talk of the poor economy and the size of government , providing a far better climate for a strict libertarian than the one that prevailed in 2008 .
It rewards failure ( successful companies do not get bailout money ) , encourages more bailouts , and results in more government control .
There is hope here , however , and I will explore how families influence the culture and how they can be protected from its destructive effects .
Christians in public life , meanwhile , understand very well that if they argue for laws relating to abortion , gender roles , or same-sex marriage , they must make their case in language that will persuade citizens who do not share their faith .
Interventions can lead to destructive , unintended consequences that cause real suffering for real people , many of them deceived by government-distorted signals .
It teaches young adults to delay engaging in sexual activity , warns of the dangers of casual sex , and encourages students to consider sexuality as part of a process of developing intimacy and lifelong commitment .
Now , inasmuch as `` the right of the people to keep and bear Arms '' is operationally essential to '' ( a ) well regulated Militia , '' and '' ( a ) well regulated Militia '' is `` necessary to the security of a free State , '' then `` the right of the people to keep and bear Arms '' must be `` necessary to the security of a free State .
`` So if the Democratic Party is foolish and bold enough to believe that just because it 's going to make it an issue on the platform they 're going to sway it , they 're not going to sway it because it 's causing more and more people to stand up and say , ` We 're drawing a line , ' and so this is a good thing .
It will throw off decades of abuse and restore a nation under a written Constitution faithfully upheld as our Supreme Law under God , and put us again on a path of faith and family , freedom and opportunity , strength and security .
Until , that is , the price of conventional energy skyrocketed , wars over oil proliferated , smaller entrepreneurs swung into action , inventors started expanding solar efficiency , and the government finally started to help , freeing up tax credits and research grants for solar development .
The social consequences of accepting the unmitigated results of market play have been consistently rejected by pretty much ever ( y ) liberal since the great depression . ''
But there are moments of strange , otherworldly naivete , as when Kafka , in a paper on setting insurance premiums and the need to convince employers of the Institute 's prudence , opines that `` a handsome sum is certainly appropriate as compensation for accidents that have serious consequences , and no employer will even consider advocating parsimony in such cases .
Abstract : Benkler 's 2006 magnum opus , The Wealth of Networks , argues that the networked information economy and public sphere offer improved possibilities for realizing such liberal values as personal autonomy , democratic participation , and a critical culture .
Republicans now portray deficits as anathema to economic growth and argue that the way to create jobs is to cut government spending .
( Of course , Obama does n't explain that the 14,000 `` losing their health insurance '' are mainly victims of other government malfeasance that has cratered the economy , such as job losses caused by government-subsidized immigrant workers and U.S. regulatory compliance costs that in 2006 were 31.7 percent higher than those of our nine largest trading partners .
Certain of these programs massively altered the relationship between Americans and their government with respect to critical aspect of our lives , violently tossing aside any respect for our founding principles of federalism and limited government .
`` Rather than trying to create a sense of equal op-portunity , he 's shitting on people who are successful .
Whether Reagan himself was the Cold War figure of legend may also be questioned -- his detestation of nuclear war and readiness to abandon the U.S. nuclear force at Reykjavik suggest that he was not as hawkish as his liberal detractors depicted .
He asked an American people at a crossroads , struggling under the crushing weight of inflation , an energy crisis , a national malaise , coupled with the potential threat of Soviet domination , a question that cut right to the heart of the matter .
Liberals often attribute that success to conservatives ' effective attacks on `` big government '' and struggle valiantly to defend government from this assault - which will always be challenging given Americans ' ideological predisposition to favor `` small government .
When you understand the American system of ordered liberty and government , the excellence of our free-market economy , and our devotion to transcendent truths and human dignity , you fiercely support the idea that we can never allow foreign powers to exert authority over us .
It 's not hard to see how Bush 's arguments tracked the broader Republican case : Unlike the Democratic elites who manipulate the system to their own advantage , conservatives safeguard bedrock American values .
An October 2007 Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that more Americans were `` very worried '' about being priced out of their health insurance than feared losing their job , their house , or being in a terrorist attack .
The imperial rent exacted by multinationals , who also control the global supply chains , means that emerging economies face what may appear to be an open door to the world market , but must proceed along paths controlled from outside .74 The vast inequality built into a model of export-oriented development based on low-wage labor creates internal fault lines for emerging economies .
Creating a synergy between making money and helping others-the Puritan Protestant formula for entrepreneurial virtue-producers profited by making commodities for the workers they employed , a circle of virtue that benefited both classes and society at large .
Just as our nation can be destroyed by war it can also be destroyed by a political or economic policy at home which destroys liberty or breaks down the fiscal and economic structure of the United States .
`` Claims of global warming causing glacial melt in the Himalayas are based on wrong assumptions , '' Raina told the Hindustan Times , proving , once again , that climate change is not as cut and dried as proponents of the orthodox view of global warming claim .
This contradicts more than 50 years of Supreme Court precedents , which say that private citizens can be restrained from speaking or writing only when there is an imminent danger of serious harm .
Sheriff Steve Kessler stated that if `` the victim of this burglary had been unarmed she could have been seriously injured or killed when confronted by this burglar .
While tea party leaders agree on broad principles such as limited government , lower taxes , and individual liberty , they address different issues in different areas .
`` Apolitical solution is the key to it , '' one Teamster commented-a somewhat ironic assessment , given that the Change to Win unions had criticized the AFL-CIO for stressing politics over organizing . )
`` We have gotten some great information on additional terrorist threats in Iraq , on radical Sunni Islamists working with former regime elements and how that working relationship takes place , '' he said .
The current crisis , as noted , has been aggravated by past interference in the market such as the Community Reinvestment Act , a law pushed by so-called liberals used to pressure lenders to make loans to people who are poor financial risks , including many minorities .
Because of bad science , however , DDT , a compound that could safely destroy many mosquitoes that spread malaria , is not used .
Marci Fritz , vice president of the California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility , blamed the action on promises made earlier by the council to the city 's employees concerning salaries and retirement benefits that the city no longer can afford .
However , even if Hwang 's research results had been genuine , there is still the more important moral issue that his cheerleaders in the scientific community have chosen to ignore : cloning human embryos for the expressed purpose of destroying them in order to harvest their stem cells is a chillingly abhorrent and immoral act .
This is shown by the fact that He allowed His first creatures to misuse that faculty , to commit the sin we call original , and thereby to lose the integrity with which they were created .
Americans have shown that they are generous in supporting private and religious charities that much better serve the truly needy overseas , without the overhead costs , waste , and corruption endemic in government foreign-aid programs .
Influenced by Carl Menger , the founder of the Austrian School , and Eugen von Boehm-Bawerk , another of the economic school 's early eminenti , the precocious von Mises took Menger 's ideas into then-unfashionable realms , criticizing socialism and credit expansion by central banks , among many other state-sponsored evils . ''
The income tax granted politicians enormous power to reward friends , punish enemies , and redistribute wealth .
Depriving children of the opportunity to carry on productive activity is also depriving them of the opportunity to develop the instinct for workmanship , which has made it possible for humanity to advance through the ages .
Since serious , critical social analysis is prohibited , these critics are forced to consider music solely in the abstract , without taking into consideration its real historical foundation .
After the Virginia Tech shooting , where 32 innocent victims were killed , a movement arose on college campuses to overturn rules mandating that everyone on campuses be unarmed .
This preposterous claim will surely come as a surprise to Catholics in Massachusetts , where Catholic Char-ities suspended its adoption program rather than conform to state law requiring it to facilitate adoptions by gay couples , and to Catholics in California , where Catholic Charities has been forced to provide contraception coverage in its em-ployee health care plan .
In one he calls Islam `` a hostile and aggressive religion , '' and goes on to lament a `` widespread loss of the Christian moral vision , '' most evident in Europe , where `` birth rates far below replacement levels have already allowed millions of Muslims from North Africa and the Middle East to ... heavily influence the political agenda .
Yet by making it illegal to manufacture and sell alcohol , the government invited the likes of Al Capone to vie for control of a lucrative black market , with predictably violent results .
Arguments , no matter how strong , rarely convince anyone who is determined to keep abortion legal .
`` The Israelis tried their best to persuade us that we were focused on the wrong enemy , '' he said , `` and that they were very leery of destroying the balance of power in the Middle East .
Illegal aliens are causing a financial drain ; hospitals are overloaded if not closed because of having to care for non-payers ; schools are inundated with children given non-English instruction ; prisons are filling up with criminal border crossers ; drug smuggling has increased sharply ; gangs terrorize entire communities ; and some newly arrived illegals even cast ballots to favor their revolutionary friends .
Tocqueville explained , however , that the danger threatening yet motivating most societies is the miscomprehension of equality , resulting in their descent into centralized tyranny .
Since truth matters , we need to look at what our founders believed and how this country was established on free speech and religious freedom .
At least for the first several years of his tenure , even the Left cheered as he defended and encouraged his police department 's excesses , casually disregarded long-standing limits on mayoral power , crushed seemingly immovable bureaucracies , took control away from the most sacrosanct municipal fiefdoms , and forced the city 's powerful unions and political factions into submission .
Foreclosures and mortgage delinquency in the United States are at the highest levels since 1972.2 Likewise , both business and personal bankruptcy filings are on the rise , with 2009 ranking as one of the highest on record .3 Obama wanted you to believe the stimulus money would be used to head off another Depression by creating millions of new jobs .
In the summer before the election , we began to see some power in a populist narrative -- '' ( A ) president trying to make a better life for ordinary people against Republicans who favor the wealthy and hurt the middle class .
By investing in the potential of our own domestic agricultural sector to produce alternative energy , the United States can create new markets , increase farm income , and offer rural America something better than just a safety net : a competitive edge .
In announcing the Treasury 's so-called `` Blueprint for Financial Reform , '' Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson preemptively fended off those who would criticize the blueprint for advocating more regulation by claiming they were `` over-simplifying this critical and inevitable debate .
So the question is how the nation can afford all this-and also give the soon-to-retire baby boomers the Social security and Medicare they expect , pay for homeland security and national defense , invest in non-fossil fuel-based technologies , and repair the nation 's decrepit infrastructure .
The Left tends to divide the world into rich and poor , strong and weak , and favorite and underdog rather than good and evil or right and wrong .
This is n't due to market failure but to individuals who have the freedom to lower their asking price , provided they are permitted by policy to do so and businesses are free to negotiate wages freely .
He worked to block a bill -- virtually identical to the federal law he now claims to support -- in the Illinois legislature that would have made it illegal to kill or deny care to children born alive in failed abortion procedures .
He has sought to reduce it at every turn , from signing bad treaties with Russia that severely constrain our ability to defend ourselves to disclosing the particulars of our nuclear weapons to banning the development of new nuclear weapons .
Now , for folks who believe strongly that a Christian education benefits their children and are willing to pay for that education at whatever level from elementary school to university , that is fine and part of the wonderful freedoms we enjoy in this country .
After spending virtually the entire column arguing that teachers unions are valuable because they protect teachers , whose buy-in and support we need for reform , he finally reveals his real motivations : reach the money quote at the end .
To employ WHO rankings to justify more government healthcare involvement , points out Whitman , `` is to engage in circular reasoning because those rankings are designed ( emphasis in original ) in a manner that favors greater government involvement .
As this contrast suggests , the difficulties facing the young generally-both children and young adults-are the result of long-standing limitations in social policy whose effects have been aggravated by recent changes in the economy and the family .
In the economy , I have argued that the village elders have treated the poor as disabled victims who need to be permanently attached to government life support .
They claim that modern , industrialized society is causing global warming , and they predict climatic calamity including frequent category five and numerous other severe storms resulting in great suffering .
While there are experts and interested parties who differ on the details of how much of college cost increases can be attributed specifically to federal aid , virtually all honest analysts agree that the government 's hand has had a significant role in tipping the scale .
If people were convinced that the currency would always be `` as good as gold , '' there would have been no reason to dump dollar-denominated assets in favor of gold .
From the foregoing it should be apparent that it is not free-enterprise capitalism that is evil , but , rather , it is the people who abuse such an economic system who are evil .
Enticed by easy credit terms for higher education and mortgages , they take on irrational amounts of debt as the inflationary bubble expands , secure in the belief that , as the value of assets continues to grow , they will have no trouble paying down their debts .
The belief that the government can solve basic economic and societal problems has given rise to programs like socialized medicine , Social Security , reparations , and welfare -- all promising to free us from the vicissitudes of life in exchange for our freedom .
In this story , if we get the dollar down , then we can make substantial progress in reducing the budget deficit , since the jobs created by reducing the trade deficit will lead to more income tax revenue and lower benefit payments .
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney raised $ 4.7 million last year for his political action committee , Free and Strong America , and he shared some of that wealth through contributions to candidates for Congress committed to repeal of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 -- familiarly , if not affectionately , known as `` ObamaCare .
The Term Securities Lending Facility , created in March 2008 , made hundreds of billions of new dollars ' worth of Treasury securities available to primary dealers against a wider range of collateral and for longer time intervals than had previously been the case .
The old welfare program , Aid to Families with Dependent Children , too often failed to honor this core value , which helps explain not only its unpopularity with the public but also why it often isolated the very people it was supposed to help .
It is that they hate other things more : economic phenomena like profits , competition , and all the tensions and conflicts which threaten constantly to erupt from the marketplace .
Take , for instance , his argument against health care : `` The Founders could have written it in the original Constitution -- they had health care problems back then , too -- but they knew the answer was private , not the government .
One thing is certain , however ; if a private company or a state or local agency had caused even a tiny fraction of the damage that the EPA has caused through its MTBE fiasco , it would be facing serious punitive damages and civil penalties , if not criminal charges .
To moderate the pain of paying high gas prices , the Obama administration plans to confiscate a `` reasonable share '' ( you might guess who is to determine what is `` reasonable '' ) of record-breaking `` windfall profits '' of the oil companies and give it to American families as an `` emergency energy rebate .
His plan to cut $ 500 billion from the bloated federal budget this fiscal year is by far the most ambitious proposal so far vetted , especially in comparison with the mere $ 100 billion that Republican Party spokesmen promised to cut if elected to a majority in the House .
1098 would allow for competing currencies -- and for buyers and sellers to be able to use sound money whose value can not be weakened through wild creation of more of it .
Rather , optimum independence requires an understanding of the difference between healthy , normal dependency that must be accepted as a condition of being a part of civilization and unhealthy forms of dependency that result in a loss of dignity and purpose when others control your life .15 A better word for healthy dependence is interdependence .
It 's true that by producing less , Saddam would have had lower costs , so let 's bias the analysis in favor of his getting a gain from cutting output by assuming that the cost of oil production for the last 1 mbd was $ 5 per barrel , a number that most observers would regard as being on the high side .
Using more embryos boosts the success rate but also results in multiple births , which are far riskier for the woman and often lead to premature delivery and dire health problems in the infants .
Quite the opposite , government redistribution of wealth actually destroys the positive impulses and outcomes of voluntary charity . ''
We have assigned pluses to the yeas not only because the government should not be subsidizing the killing of innocent human life , but also because there is no constitutional authority for the government to manage or finance the healthcare sector .
Eliminating subsidies and legal privileges for hierarchical corporations would increase the likelihood that people could enjoy the job security associated with working for themselves ( with less risk than accompanies being an independent contractor in a less healthy economy ) or in partnerships or cooperatives and that , when they did work for others , they could bargain successfully for better compensation . ''
They believe in the man-woman definition of marriage , that abortions not performed for health reasons are sinful ( this is as true for Orthodox Jews as for traditional Christians ) , in a God who transcends nature , in objective good and evil , in reward and punishment in an afterlife , and much more that is contrary to Leftism .
When work becomes illegal , employers have a big weapon to use against any effort to organize unions or fight for better conditions .
She seems pleased that there are a large number of fatherless families today because , contradicting all the social science evidence , she thinks males raised without fathers will treat women better .
Banks and huge numbers of other corporations that had failed to save for a rainy day , relying instead on the unwarranted belief that unending growth would overwhelm shaky assets or excessive leverage , failed spectacularly .
Facing strongly adverse public opinion on the substance of their policies , the national Democratic Party made a conscious decision to try to change the subject from stimulus bills , the national health care takeover , and the horrifying deficit and debt levels to the unacceptable personal qualities of their Republican opponents .
Jobs created under inherently politicized programs will displace jobs the private sector would create if the burden of government were lifted and investor confidence restored .
Moreover , as pointed out by Hans Bader of the Competitive Enterprise Institute , `` Government meddling , along with federal regulatory pressure on lenders to promote ` affordable housing ' and ` diversity , ' helped erode traditional lending standards , resulting in more risky mortgage loans to irresponsible people with bad credit ( as some longtime supporters of federal meddling now admit ) .
There are two compelling reasons why our politics needs a platform centered on the promise of expanding economic opportunity and security for a new generation .
But those who distrust individual freedoms in favor of an all-powerful government are horrified by the idea that one person can possess enough power to lawfully resist , with force , unacceptable intrusions into his or her life .
Doctors who accept Medicare and Medicaid ( about 15 percent do n't accept Medicaid and 20 percent do n't take new Medicaid patients ) actually lose money because the government paperwork is time consuming and government reimbursements for care are low .
Dr. Craig Postlewaite , director of DoD 's force readiness and health assurance , tells TAC that while the smoke from these pits could be responsible for `` acute '' health issues like `` general irritation '' of the eyes and throat , `` when we look at respiratory effects on a population-wide basis , we 're not seeing a cause for concern .
liberty , personal sovereignty , individual rights , human dignity , and the opportunity to pursue happiness are given to us by God because that is the only basis that can guarantee those blessings for everyone .
The NPI promises to analyze how `` government policies and cultural trends adversely affect the very safety , economic standards , and traditional values of America 's historic majority .
The stresses and strains of all these changes made many men , raised with ideals of masculinity based on providing for their families , feel diminished , emasculated , and devalued .
While there certainly has been a shift in jobs overseas , the numbers are questionable , Moody points out , because much of the job loss is the result of technological change that makes a smaller number of workers vastly more productive .
He has also betrayed an alarming ignorance of basic economics , cajoling businesses to step up and hire more people , as if their hiring decisions are purely a matter of personal whim and their failure to create jobs stems from just plain selfishness .
Perhaps the best opportunity to create such a system came in the late 1940s , when Harry Truman attempted to create a system that would have looked essentially like Medicare for the whole population .
It is this will to acquire and exercise power , which is both dangerous to liberty as well as destructive of environmental quality , that America 's Founders so laboriously worked to stymie , and so ingeniously succeeded in accomplishing with the Constitution 's intricate system of checks and balances .
This is very evident in the push to transform the IME We are already saddled with the Federal Reserve System , a dangerously arrogant threat to our economy and our constitutional system .
Rejecting the morally charged rhetoric that conservatives have used to cast opprobrium on free-riding aliens , John DeStefano is arguing that the inclusion of illegal immigrants in civil society is vital to public services that benefit the whole city .
Representative Ron Paul ( R-Texas ) has outlined how this game has been played , noting that the Federal Reserve `` creates new money and uses it to purchase securities from banks .
One reason I think I won this election was I could bridge the gap with common issues that Tea Party folk and liberty folk in the district had in common ; every ( Michigan ) Tea Party group supported me .
The key is through charitable giving , Christians are to voluntarily tithe to the church and share their finances ( distribute wealth ) with the needy , not be forced by the government through taxes to unwillingly ( redistribute wealth ) give to whoever the government decides needs it the most .
, which was written to overcome the arguments of atheist spokesperson Richard Dawkins ( reviewed by Heiser in the December 24 issue ) ; however , it is an exercise in futility .
They have transferred control of elections to the government bureaucracy they fund and control , created complex ballot-access laws , switched to the Australian ballot to weaken local parties , outlawed corporate contributions , and imposed contribution limits to make it hard for opponents to fund a credible challenge .
The English economist John Hicks once remarked that `` the best of all monopoly profits is a quiet life , '' meaning that a seller with monopoly power might settle for less than the largest possible profit in order to avoid attracting rivals who would have to be beaten off amid turmoil and uncertainty .
While cyber-crimes could pose a devastating threat to American businesses , critics are questioning the freedom-related implications of government action , as regulations and government-private sector alliances could impede civil liberties .
While the Democrats railed against this tax break as a special Republican favor for `` Big Oil , '' a reduction in taxes on domestically produced oil makes exploration , drilling , and production of fuel from that domestic oil more attractive for producers , making an increase in production from domestic supplies more likely .
I saw how jobs were created and how profits led to more growth and higher salaries .
Even the New York Times made note of the danger , worrying that `` the Fed was taking risks that could dilute the value of the dollar and set the stage for future inflation . '
Fans of standards might argue that my evolution from a neophyte desperate to reach kids to a seasoned professional harnessing his creativity in the service of a more disciplined curriculum is exactly the desired result .
As we remain engaged in Iraq and Afghanistan , as conditions in Yemen , Bahrain , and Pakistan become more precarious by the day , and as Iran races to develop nuclear weapons , one might be tempted to conclude President Obama lacks any comprehensive strategy for addressing radical Islamism and other threats facing the United States .
The last-ditch argument , as Dilulio calls it , of the anti-incarceration lobby is that prisons cost too much to permit imprisonment of violent offenders for all or most of their terms .
In an op-ed for CNN , Otis argued that excessive regulations are killing job creation .
`` Central banks are grasping at straws , hoping that flooding the world with money created out of thin air will somehow resolve a crisis caused by ' un-control led government spend I tag and irresponsible debt issuance , '' the Texas Congressman said .
The possibility of a general loss of confidence in fiat money is reason to believe that gold could once again play a monetary role , as I will argue in the second part of this series . ''
During the 1920s , Great Britain , terrified of having to face depreciation of the pound as a result of running the printing presses , pressured the United States and other powers to inflate in concert with the Bank of England , leading to another global inflationary cycle and economic bubble that burst in 1929 with the great stock market crash .
The traditional values of personal responsibility , hard work , frugality and saving , independence , family , and faith gave way to government promises of more security , more income , more health care , more education , more .
Reich claims that there 's no good reason why Democrats should limit their vision of what America can accomplish to the amount of revenues generated by repealing the Bust tax cut , in whole or in part .
Changing society is n't a matter of breaking windows , it is a process of developing consciousness and vehicles of organization and movement , and of then applying these to win gains that benefit deserving constituencies and create conditions for still further victories , leading to permanent institutional change .
The result is that uncertainty as to which activities are prohibited and which are safe produces a chilling effect on the freedom of the clergy to speak , and on their freedom , and that of church members , to exercise their religion freely .
His aim can not possibly be to strengthen our military , because it would do just the opposite : create unnecessary tensions , divisions , and stress among men and women who must depend on one another in order to survive .
America is exceptional indeed , yet our cultural heritage , our unique habits of liberty that have made us such a successful society , are now being threatened by a combination of centralized bureaucracies , leftwing ideologies , destructive litigation , and an elite view that American Exceptionalism is no longer acceptable or even permissible .
These doctors , the lawyers argued , would see to it that interrogators did n't torture detainees by intentionally inflicting `` serious or permanent harm .
This made him the object of liberal hatred , in spite of his relatively liberal record , and conservative distrust , in spite of his conservative rhetoric .
The primary argument by those opposing this ingenious way of bringing a valuable product from formations a mile underground to the surface for our use and comfort is that this activity will contaminate near-surface aquifers .
It would relieve the pressure on U.S. automakers to bankroll the rising costs of legacy health insurance-an expense that does n't burden their foreign competitors-and , in exchange , obligate them to invest heavily in energy-efficiency technologies and comply with substantially more aggressive fuel-economy standards .
And because of various lucky breaks aside from the successes of feminism-like the closer convergence of our activism-our marriage eventually turned out close to the way I had once dreamed marriage could be , but better ( because before feminism I could not have had such a good dream ) .
Since most of the mortgages they bought paid a fixed rate of interest , any change in interest rates could significantly affect the value of the portfolio .
CHRONIC FAILURE TO CREATE JOBS : the U.S. economy is having increasing difficulty creating jobs .
Trawl through online arguments against payday lending , and you 're likely to come across something like this , from Americans for Fairness in Lending : `` Prophet Ezekiel includes usury in a list of ` abominable things , ' along with rape , murder , robbery and idolatry .
The constant expansion in gun ownership ( with the number of new firearms entering American possession averaging around 4 million a year ) and expanded rights to legally carry weapons have been accompanied by a 41 percent decline in violent crime rates over the past two decades .
In the meantime , while subsidizing these energy sources , Obama is seeking to punish reliable domestic energy sources via measures such as eliminating tax deductions for the oil industry . ''
Today , Hoover is notorious for his conservative response to the crisis , his heartlessness in the face of mass suffering ( in contrast to the heroic compassion of FDR ) .
One aspect of the computer models that is agreed upon by skeptics and alarmists alike is a method developed by the alarmist camp to verify whether increases in C ( O.sub .2 ) cause the Earth to warm , known as the `` fingerprint method .
Precisely because capital generates new surplus value within the production process as the result of exploitation and expands its capacity to produce in order to grow , it must also expand the sphere of circulation of commodities by constantly generating new needs to consume . ''
Although the environmentalists lose the argument on the economics of curbside recycling , their support for such recycling programs relies on a host of other arguments that initially appear to be at least somewhat convincing .
Far from being the strict free-market capitalist described by critics and admirers alike , Greenspan was a proponent of government intervention that encouraged the `` too big to fail '' assumptions that , in turn , encouraged excessive risks in the financial markets .
Today 's seniors are being alarmed purposely , and wrongly , because they vote in large numbers , despite the fact that no plan supported by Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan , who was the House Budget Committee chairman before he joined the GOP ticket , would affect any American who is now age 55 or older .
On the other hand , a very real likelihood exists that , at some point , the Fed 's irrational monetary largesse could trigger a binge of credit and money creation that will ignite an inflationary firestorm .
McManus made the cut for observing , `` The combination of the government and the Federal Reserve are destroying the dollar and setting us up for world currency , world control , world government .
The 9\/11 attacks showed what just a few determined terrorists can do when we allow them easy access to our country , and here we are letting millions of people come in unchecked .
In effect , Roe created a private license to kill a certain category of Americans , the unborn , and raised this license to a constitutional principle .
Sometimes , to be sure , contempt for authority is well-founded , and itself a sign that the moral compass is in working order ; but one of the things that breeds contempt is familiarity , and certainly the excess of familiarity to which American culture has become accustomed .
Giuliani , by contrast , promises to `` turn back this tide of terror and defeat the violent forces of disorder wherever they appear .
And when one makes a profit from the use of one 's talents , it is not necessarily the result of greed .
Conveniently , last year 's Kelo v. City of New London Supreme Court decision provides the necessary justification to transfer the property of one private citizen to another who would make better use of it -- for the Super Highway is to be constructed and operated by public\/private partnerships that smack of fascism .
Just because liberals are frustrated with Wall Street does not mean that we should automatically find common cause with a group of people who are protesting Wall Street .
But it is a proven fact that people have used guns to stop killers intent on committing mass murders .
There is a growing understanding that `` neither government regulations nor the capitalist market is capable of providing adequate protection for natural ecosystems or communities affected by environmental pollution , '' and so some of the victims of neoliberalism are taking matters into their own hands against the corporations poisoning them .
In reality , skipped payments are a debt on the future , because fiduciary duty will eventually compel the state to make up for a missed payment much the way a bank forces a homeowner to make up for a missed mortgage payment .
Rather than cultivating a moral society and individual virtuousness , whether through faith , education , or sociability , and building on the accumulated experience and wisdom of earlier generations , utopianism breeds dishonesty not good character ; it encourages ideology not reason ; it rewards rashness not reflection ; it attracts fanatics not statesmen ; and it is transformative not reformative .
Instead , the most relevant thing has been his long interest in the Great Depression and his judgment that the Federal Reserve erred catastrophically in the Depression not just by failing to stem the decline in those hank deposits necessary to fuel consumer spending but also by allowing banks to fail .
Most local school districts must contend with community apathy , teachers union intransigence , a sizable number of poorly trained and educated teachers , administrative incompetence , and too many parents who neither discipline nor nurture their children , encourage learning , or care enough to meet with teachers and other parents to assure quality instruction in even the basic skills of reading and mathematics .
The solution to the problem of radical Islam is not to romanticize Islam , as D'Souza does , by imagining that a shared opposition to such practices as gay marriage can create a genuine community of interest between `` traditional Moslems '' and Christians for the first time in history .
Texas has made great strides in fighting air pollution while absorbing millions more people and supporting the most dynamic economy in the country .
This helps explain why there are so many in government today who think that regulations are no big deal , that taxes can go up with no consequence , that inflation is harmless , that the minimum wage -- and the regular increases in the minimum wage -- surely causes no harm .
By eliminating the confusing and confounding layers of credits , deductions , and penalties that have been carved out by special interests over the years , taxpayers will reclaim the high ground , paying taxes simply and efficiently , without the painful , contorted maneuvers foisted on them by special interests .
If they stalk off in anger , the employer should have no difficulty in hiring replacements at the lower wage , for in the unsettled conditions of a depression it will be attractive to other workers .
These so-called gun controls make it extraordinarily difficult for a law-abiding individual to obtain a weapon and nearly impossible for that person to carry and actually to use the weapon in self-defense .
With regard to the costs associated with this realignment , the Heritage Foundation 's analysis reports that all additional funding needed to sustain a nationalized healthcare system would come from state coffers , regardless of hollow promises of reimbursement and economic incentives and stimuli made by President Obama and leaders in Congress .
As minority voters continue in greater numbers to climb the economic ladder , the Republican Party has a golden opportunity to speak with them about how our policies to stimulate economic growth will benefit all those who want to succeed .
The incentive to cut costs is lost , as physicians ( now working essentially as low-level employees ) seek to make as much as they can in the new corporate environment and charge the maximum the HMOs allow .
In 2003 , Klaus succeeded his semi-namesake Vaclav Havel , who has taken a sort of vengeance by writing a play in which a wicked conservative president , Vlastik Klein -- note the initials -- takes over from a civilized liberal and cruelly tries to drive him from his official residence .
In 2006 , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) began to consider allowing private low-level nuclear waste dumps to accept depleted uranium from nuclear power plants and weapons sites , a higher grade of waste and , for WCS , a multibillion-dollar opportunity .
The rating agencies downgraded Spanish government bonds , and Moody 's cut the ratings on 28 leading Spanish banks , noting that the country 's worsening economic picture would harm both the banks and the capacity of the state to support them .
In almost every case , DiLorenzo , a Loyola College economics professor , declares that the programs and policies these neo-Hamiltonians support have had lamentable economic effects and woeful political consequences , which we suffer from to this day .
Increasing our money supply by simply creating more of it weakens the dollar , drives up prices , and casts doubt upon its worth in much the same way that the presence of large numbers of illegal counterfeit bills might . ''
Normally in support of `` freedom of choice '' for everything under the sun , reporters portrayed Benedict 's allowance of the old liturgy for those who want it ( and without imposing it on those who do not ) as an appalling step backward and proof positive of this pontiffs sinister and reactionary intentions .
Just as the U.S. Constitution contains a supremacy clause to override any subordinate and contradictory law ( such as North Dakota 's passing a law to impose tariffs on imports from other states , which is forbidden by the document ) , so too do natural laws have an inherent supremacy clause to morally invalidate and delegitimize any conflicting man-made law .
By the early 1960s Friedman had made almost a complete return to free-market fundamentalism , arguing that even the Great Depression was caused not by market failure but by government failure .
As I mentioned before , it also strengthens the power of greedy bastards in America to lower US wages .
But , incredibly , federal prohibitions on OCS drilling over the past 25 years have caused the United States to send trillions of dollars to overseas oil producers and have jeopardized our national security by making us dangerously dependent on foreign energy sources .
But such a legal reaction to this crime , assuming banning such instruments could even be implemented , is doomed to failure at preventing violent crimes , as are weapons-control laws throughout the world .
There were racial resentments at work , certainly ; opposing segregation was easier than accepting forced integration or affirmative action , and the principle of equality was easier to accept than the government-enforced practice of it .
Egypt is a brutal dictatorship , strongly supported by President Obama who has said straight out that he 's not going to criticize them because Egypt helps us maintain stability in the Middle East .
The idea was that the president needed complete control over the executive branch ; therefore , he needed the power to fire executive officials -- including the independent counsel and the heads of independent agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission -- who did n't share his vision .
While it is true that even one life is immeasurably important , the tally attributed to Pinochet barely rates as a blip compared to the tens of thousands imprisoned , tortured , and murdered by Fidel .
The young adults responsible for our killings missed the influence of McGuffey Readers , which taught lessons in morals as well as reading .
After sodomizing and killing the husbands , in both cases , the ruthless attackers raped Vandenberg 's cousins again .
Likewise , creating a negative income tax would free the talented people who now staff government agencies to take jobs in the private sector , where they might help create the next Google or the next big thing for our economy .
A `` crisis '' developed recently when the value of those privately held shares dropped drastically ( in large part because government interventions in the housing market had helped create a bubble that eventually sprang a leak ) .
Sure enough , for the next few hours , the protest abided by the standard roles of engagement , the slogan-shouters and fist-pumpers returning up Market and looping through the business district , and every time they passed Casual Male they seemed to have doubled in numbers and noise .
It is made by Toshiba of Tokyo , and it constitutes a disproportionately large share of the entire manufacturing cost In terms of the iPod 's employment implications , the real winner has not , of course , been California , where Apple 's design department has created negligible employment opportunities .
Finally , there is the chronic flaw in all those pie chart-type analyses purporting to show how terrible the distribution of wealth is in the United States -- the failure to relate age to wealth , income , and productivity .
Feminism is to blame for women 's rejection of romantic love because , says Nehring , feminism asks women to be always rational and always in control , rejecting the romantic emotions as sources of low status or even of servitude .
Free enterprise is the system of values and laws that respects private property , encourages industry , celebrates liberty , limits government , and creates individual opportunity .
But between now and a dreamed-of confrontation with Barack Obama , Christie has bloody battles to fight in Trenton with a heavily Democratic legislature and an aggressively liberal Supreme Court .
The only alternative open to central planners is to print money , but doing so will not fool anyone : interest rates will still rise because free , easy money will lead to either inflation or devaluation , and the bond market is aware that there is no free lunch -- not even for the dollar .
But let there be no change by usurpation ; for though this , in one instance , may be the instrument of good , it is the customary weapon by which free governments are destroyed .
Why survival of the fittest should be assigned the blame above and beyond so many other far more noxious notions and doctrines is beyond me , save as a way of passing the blame onto intellectual enemies .
In his excellent and underappreciated work Money in the Free Economy , Congdon cites Friedman 's denigration of fiscal policy : `` A deficit is not stimulating because it has to be financed , and the negative effects of financing it counterbalance the positive effects , if there are any , of spending .
I also recall how the type of liberals Frank lionizes viewed the people who opposed busing with contempt , branding them `` racists '' for resisting the insane social engineering to which they would never expose their own children -- Bill and Hillary Clinton made sure Chelsea attended Sidwell Friends rather than the D.C. public schools .
There is a danger that supporters of limited government will focus on this trivial question and neglect the much more important and difficult battle of returning the federal government to spending levels more in line with its constitutional functions .
Republicans , in general , believe in low taxes , low regulation , less spending , free-market health care , constitutionalist judges , protecting innocent life , enforcing our laws and our borders , peace through strength , empowering the states , and generally advocating principles closer to limited government than not .
These riskier elements should be allowed to fail ; otherwise , `` super regulators '' will continue to have a tough time keeping up with Wall Street and its risk-creating prowess .
The only thing artificial anywhere near the Tea Party protests were the counterprotests Obama staged , sending in his SEIU thugs to shout down , bully , intimidate , and physically attack the Tea Party patriots .
That would be nice if it were true -- but it 's clearly not , because , sometimes , Bush is right , and because , to some degree , our safety depends on his success .
Bacon examines a created controversy and pitches the story from the perspective of hope and racial harmony because he parts from the real kernel of undeniable truth-that black and brown workers comprise the same social class , and in this particular setting in the state of Mississippi , they inhabit the poorest state of the union .
In his March 24 press conference , he reiterated that his mission is not ideological but is marked by `` knotty problems '' such as how to `` improve liquidity in the financial markets , create jobs , get businesses to reopen , keep America safe .
That is not how to reform someone , that is how to make him or her more rebellious ... We told the prisoners that they need work , they need recreation as well , without that you 'll go crazy , which is what the government wants .
These activities were abusive of the public trust , in violation of at least the spirit of constitutional balanced budget provisions , and corrosive of the good-government culture necessary for sound governance .
He also cites Charles 's naivete about the good intentions of particular Islamic leaders and his `` dangerous '' ignorance of economics .
Theoretically , Natural Law proponents would argue that when the people created state legislatures and when the states created the Congress they never gave these legislative bodies the authority to interfere with natural rights .
Von Mises championed the laissez-faire theory that government should not interfere in the economy because it is not competent to make the people happier or more prosperous than the people can do for themselves by making their own economic decisions .
Profit and loss are entirely determined by the success or failure of the entrepreneur to adjust production to the demand of the consumers .
They should be forced to render an opinion on the dangerous Law of the Sea Treaty , the harm created by federal funding of and federal presence in the nation 's schools , and the abomination involved in forcing taxpayers to fund abortion providers .
If Senator Kohl were really serious about lowering gasoline prices , he would be working to reduce the federal government 's restrictions on the production of crude oil right here in the United States .
Suppose a North American Union is achieved and suppose that , as a result , the three formerly independent nations find they need to harmonize and standardize their healthcare systems -- not a farfetched supposition since under NAFTA there has been significant movement to harmonize standards in various professions .
And Lindsey 's ideas get worse : he would cap home mortgage interest deductions and raise taxes on energy-including universally hated gasoline taxes .
The critiques have lost some of their force over the decades , because a typical Keynesian textbook no longer bases its policy conclusions on the arguments that were common when Rothbard was writing .
Progressives will also have to confront an inconvenient truth : They are losing on economic issues not because Americans ' judgments are clouded by social issues or racial animosity but because , battered by the economic trends just described and bombarded with mixed messages , many middle-class Americans are wondering whether progressives can really deliver a better economic life .
We need leaders capable of fostering the energy and public commitment to not only overcome our problems , but to restore to primacy our national values of equality , liberty , and individual responsibility .
Out of such a love , a real security will develop , because in the final analysis , the free human heart and spirit are the best and most reliable defense .
In response to JACOB S. HACKER 'S piece from our May cover package on the future of risk , `` A Strong Safety Net Encourages Healthy Risk-Taking , '' reader DAVE LYNCH writes , `` Unfortunately actual evidence suggests the contrary .
Since protests are likely to occur during episodes when political beliefs in society change , it is difficult to disentangle whether protests cause political change , or simply reflect unobservable belief changes .
The trillions of dollars required to keep promises made by Medicare and Social Security in the coming decades make stimulus outlays look like pocket change .
After years of battling with President Clinton , House Republicans are shifting their sights to Vice President Al Gore and using ridicule as their weapon of choice .
Smoot states , `` Such economic explanations of why the farmer was in bad shape would not have won public acceptance of the government 's strange farm program because too few Americans had any understanding of basic economics , but the surplus rationale did ; and surplus became the buzz word of all federal farm programs .
Third , the only way one country 's government can hurt another country using the `` oil weapon '' is by cutting output , which hurts all oil consumers , not just the target country ; helps all oil producers , friend and foe alike ; and harms the country that cuts its output .
Dr. Paul has been a critic of the Iraq War from the outset , because there was no declaration of war , and that has made him very unpopular among the neoconservatives in the Republican Party .
Once Americans saw the gulf between his reasonable , optimistic campaign promises and his radical presidency , they rallied against him at tea parties , denounced his policies at townhall meetings , and finally , severely punished his party at the ballot box .
The Supremes often seem more worried about offending the feelings of the New York Times editorial board than they are about offending the intent of the Framers or the will of the people .
Since most conservatives care more about spending , the supply-siders carefully emphasize this result , but the argument is merely instrumental .
My idea is to combine into one argument our fight for food freedom , health freedom , and freedom from the tyranny of overzealous federal agencies with SWAT teams .
The result is that the American people , in the name of military aid , have been giving an economic handout to these nations ; we have permitted them to transfer to their domestic economy funds which , in justice , should have been used in the common defense effort .
As outrageous and repugnant as UN control over sites like Independence Hall is , the UN has managed to create other programs that represent very credible threats to the freedom of every American .
This unique experiment in self-government was started in 1776 by a bunch of uppity , defiant , logic-addicted rebels well pissed off over the British Crown 's onerous , old world taxes .
Wealth makes it possible for Americans to save for a home , improve their earning potential by getting an education , turn a good idea into a family-supporting business , save for retirement , contribute to their communities , and pass real wealth on to their children . ''
Any failure traceable to arrogance , or our lack of comprehension or readiness to sacrifice , would inflict upon us grievous hurt , both at home and abroad .
I 'm real good at busting down barriers and making bureaucratic idiots squirm in a puddle of confusion and fright .
Commenting on the antics of our ruling class , both foreign and domestic , over the past century , the authors write : `` It was as if the United States wanted to destroy itself -- first by bankrupting its economy , and second by creating enemies all over the globe .
Using businesses to collect taxes , provide health care , maintain pension programs , promote affirmative action , support the unemployed , absorb the cost of emissions by cars and utilities , and pay for frivolous lawsuits is killing the goose that lays the golden eggs .
Granted , today 's technophile ID advocates dress up their arguments `` in the idiom of information theory , '' as leading ID proponent William Dembski has put it , claiming , for instance , that the massive amounts of biological information encoded in DNA could not have arisen through natural selection and must therefore have been designed by an intelligent agent .
Or of earnest Greenpeace activists denouncing big corporations for killing polar bears and claiming that `` The Science '' shows we 're all doomed -- Greens always use the definite article in relation to science .
Obama hoped that tabbing Clinton for the State Department would deflect attention from his conservative picks for Defense and the National Security Council , but that was bitterly laughable for progressives who had lifted him over Clinton .
Since there is no objective basis for determining the proper place to stop on the continuum of positive moral action intensity ( people can honestly disagree about how generous is generous enough , for example ) , moral exhortations are inherently subjective .
In the area of pollution control alone , the treaty presents serious threats to national sovereignty , creating , in essence , a global Environmental Protection Agency .
In the case of the retirement age , we should be asking whether we really intended to create what Social Security has becomeincreasingly a retirement system for people in middle age , most of whom report good or excellent health .
And as theology became synonymous with superstition , and faith in God the intellectual parallel of believing in unicorns and leprechauns , the transcendent foundation of Western morality -- that which kept it all together , anchored in a better world than this , and supported by a Mind much greater than ours -- vanished into thin air .
The big danger is a loss of international confidence in the dollar that would jeopardize its position as the world 's reserve currency , leading foreigners to cash those outstanding checks and sending long-term interest rates in the United States sharply higher ( with severe effects , for example , on home purchases , likely bursting the bubble in the realestate market ) .
The federal government would need to create a vast IRS-type bureaucracy to set allowance levels and process permits , collect data , monitor and audit compliance , investigate alleged violations , and ultimately enforce emission standards and levels through penalties , fines , and litigation .
Bosch 's threat directly contravened an ILO standard that says threatening or using permanent replacements to break a strike violates workers ' freedom of association .
Lieberman-Warner , which called for a 70-percent reduction by 2050 , was recognized as a job killer , an industry killer , and an economy killer that would create a regulatory nightmare that would cost consumers and taxpayers trillions of dollars .
Wilson and Kelling 's solution to violent crime was to fight the disorder that precedes it : deal with the broken windows , graffiti , panhandling , uncollected trash , and unrepaired buildings .
An Obama administration proposal to change the rules on charitable deductions would also erode the incentives for charitable giving .
Or maybe you just knew , without anyone needing to point out the obvious , that creating trillions in money and credit out of thin air to pay for bailouts and unfunded government promises was a really bad idea .
Thus we have an infinite number of plans for organizing it : tariffs , protection , benefits , subsidies , encouragements , progressive taxation , public schools , guaranteed jobs , guaranteed profits , minimum wages , a right to relief , a right to the tools of labor , free credit , and so on , and so on .
Beyond that , Democrats must focus on getting the troops out of Iraq , investigating the corruption and incompetence surrounding the war , pushing for energy independence , and addressing the threats posed by a collapsing health care and pension system and an unsustainable U.S. global deficit that will reach nearly $ 1 trillion next year alone .
We know what our Founders thought of tyranny and today their Tea Party descendants stand liberty minded and battle ready .
Four months later another nuclear scientist , Majid Shahriari , was killed by an attacker on a motorcycle using a magnetic bomb .
We need as well to make changes to our tax code that boost domestic manufacturing and reward corporations for creatingjobs in the U.S. Congress should reduce corporate income taxes and move to a value-added tax on imports .
Yet for all his focus on the `` politics of hope , '' when it comes to outlining his program of international interventionism , Obama parrots precisely the Bush regime 's panic-packed arguments about the horrendous threats facing America .
Soros is a billionaire from Hungary with corrupt connections , and he wants to destroy America along with the ideals and freedoms that made us a great nation .
While we have not yet seen this in the area of charitable choice , the village elders have launched an offensive on other fronts against faith-based organizations .
Exchange rates are determined largely by capital flows , and finance pays little attention to its consequences : as capital seeks a safe harbor in the United States , the exchange rate is driven up , exports are hurt , imports encouraged , the trade imbalance increases , and jobs are destroyed .
Had an equally prominent conservative columnist written the same thing about a large group of Democrats , he would have been forced to resign , given how intense the attacks by Jewish defense organizations and liberal media would have been .
The real problem is that the status quo is so profitable for greedy bastards that they do all they can to prevent these new solutions from being implemented .
Many powerful political leaders in league with numerous special interest groups are constantly promoting amnesty , usually concealed behind deceptive terminology , as an important aspect of solving the illegal-immigration problem . ''
That success has been guided by a fidelity to our founding values and principles : energy , resilience , strength , and the American spirit , which demands that we confront rather than shrink from problems .
The legitimacy of the family values debate has been demonstrated in the clear links that have been made between the problem of family breakdown and the social ills of youth delinquency and crime , drug use , teenage pregnancy , welfare dependence , and the alarming disintegration of civic community , especially ( but not exclusively ) in poor neighborhoods . )
Wilcox , Professor Carol Swain , and other researchers have pointed out that the SPLC 's practice of exaggerating the `` extremist '' and `` hate group '' threat actually helps draw recruits to the groups they claim to be fighting .
According to Gallup , `` World residents ' declining concern about climate change may reflect increasing Skepticism about global warming after Climategate ... , '' and that such skepticism `` demonstrates the obstacles that remain before the world ( read : UN and its supporters like Lester Brown ) can agree on a climate policy .
A spunky 30-year-old single woman , she enjoys reading , traveling , singing , public speaking , investing in real estate , a good cup of coffee , great friends , and , oh yes , getting acknowledged by the leader of the free world .
We have been generally supportive of the efforts by the slates , spearheaded by Arizona , to draw attention to the federal government 's refusal to secure our borders and to prod the federal government to enforce our immigration laws ; however , `` solutions '' that undermine our liberties are not genuine solutions .
Bureaucracies that take forever to approve healing drugs ; infrastructure neglected and corroding ; military hospitals that fail to treat the wounded with dignity ; international broadcasting agencies that can not decide what their mission is : The list of underperformers grows and grows , as the world changes and government fails to change with it .
So the next president will come into office facing a multitude of challenges-a housing - and credit-market driven recession , rising energy prices , global warming , a current account deficit that is spiraling out of control , the war in Iraq , a collapsing dollar , a rising China and India , long-term crises in health care and retirement provision .
Different because , in a very real sense , the angry , resentful you is cut off from God , meaning disconnected from your usual calm , sensible mind that is overshadowed by conscience and intuition .
It makes no sense , if the 14th Amendment does not confer birthright citizenship to a child born to a diplomat lawfully admitted to our country or a child born to an enemy occupier , to confer citizenship upon a child born to parents who violated our laws in order to enter our country .
Additionally , prejudice against middlemen has been historically difficult to disentangle from anti-Semitism , since Jews have long performed this role and borne the brunt of ignorance about how trade creates value .
And it 's just as clear to me that we have a capacity for evil , and that evil is organized as well -- which means that those of us who recognize what God has given us have to organize to defeat evil .
According to Lakoff , the ideal parent in the conservative worldview loves and cares only for those of his children `` who measure up , '' and believes that `` affection is important , either as a reward for obedience or to prevent alienation through a show of love despite painful punishment .
The phase-out was partly a response to pressure from importing countries such as the U.S. , but also partly an attempt by the CCP to encourage capital to move into production for domestic consumption .20 The resubsidization of exports is thus a renewed irritant to trading partners and a step back from building the home market .
( Until recently , state media spouted melodramatic slogans about RFA and other external radio services running Burmese-language programs , calling them `` killers in the airwaves '' and accusing them of producing a `` skyful of lies .
The $ 50,000 Epiphany Prizes for the Most Inspiring Movie and TV program are sponsored by the John Templeton Foundation and are given to the best movie and the best television show during the previous year that `` resulted in a great increase in either man 's love of God or man 's understanding of God .
A dedicated believer in the free market , Posma 's passion is to see an America free of OPEC extortions and all the dangers that financing its terrorist members represents .
He had defeated a popular incumbent California governor by more than a million votes because Reagan boldly and clearly declared his opposition to university student radicals , his rejection of more spending and higher taxes , and his commitment to bringing efficiency and eliminating waste in Sacramento .
While shortages often do lead to strife , war , carnage , and mayhem , it is not climate change that leads to shortages Invariably it is government intervention in and regulation of the economy that leads .
While true net job creation results in a continued stream of spending by those employed , Obama never considered direct job creation by the government .
The energy return for energy invested that we have enjoyed with fossil fuels simply can not be achieved with any alternative energy source .
When it is noted , the Leftist reaction to this painful fact is to label those who do note it racist and\/or to argue that there are too many black males in prison because of American racism , thereby shifting the blame from the black criminals onto American society .
But deeds are what count , and I regret to say that in actual practice , the Republican Party , like the Democratic Party , summons the coercive power of the federal government whenever national leaders conclude that the States are not performing satisfactorily .
Consider , for example , the dynamic that is now killing newspapers , or more precisely , the business model for newspapers , caused either by the explosion of more efficient technologies for doing what newspapers used to profit from , or by the inevitable explosion of competition driving papers to make free what they used to charge for .
He was killed in a gun battle because he did n't want to give himself up .
The fundamental doctrine of socialism is that all of man 's sins -- all evils on Earth -- result from man 's physical environment ; that government can create paradise by taking total control of the lives of all the people , legislating away all evils , creating the right environment -- regulating , controlling , and redistributing until everyone has an equal share of everything .
By reducing taxes and spending we will not only return to the individual the means with which he can assert his freedom and dignity , but also guarantee to the nation the economic strength that will always be its ultimate defense against foreign foes .
Our president ought to use our military for the sole purpose of fighting and winning battles that will make Americans safer from terrorists or enemy nations .
Another spark helped to ignite the revolt was the dramatic protest by Mohamed Bouazizi , who publicly set himself on fire on December 17 because of frequent government confiscation of his produce in his street vendor 's business and the government 's refusal to issue him the required vendor permits .
Because of benefit reductions enacted in 1983 that take effect over the next few years , and because Medicare premiums are rising faster than Social Security benefits , `` take-home '' replacement rates are projected to fall still more-to an average of about 33 percent of earnings for retirees in 2030 .
The authors provide examples of union influence in what we generally call `` featherbedding '' in the creation of green jobs -- a way to create new jobs by lowering the productivity of existing jobs .
So , just as Alan Greenspan assured us that the `` self-interest '' of banks would prevent overleveraging of bad loans and the dumping of sub-prime mortgage-backed securities in a crisis , today 's prevailing view is that the self-interest of China , Japan , the oil sheiks , and other creditors will force them to continue to lend us money as we go deeper into debt .
The key to successfully using nullification is to expose the federal government as the aggressive , unconstitutional usurper , and states would be wise to not directly confront them .
Not while we are drowning in the worst economic disaster since the Great Depression , with record unemployment rates , staggering numbers of home foreclosures , decimated 401 ( k ) s , and rising numbers of tent cities and shantytowns for the homeless .
To meet it successfully , there is called for , not so much the emotional and transitory sacrifices of crisis , but rather those which enable us to carry forward steadily , surely , and without complaint the burdens of a prolonged and complex struggle -- with liberty the stake .
Of course , proponents of universal healthcare are n't so crass as to admit that they 're against giving care to certain groups of people , but that is how universal healthcare lowers the cost of care .
Because the financial incentives reward new treatments -- the kind that can win patents -- drug - and device-makers generally show little interest in treatments that involve existing products .
On balance , Schumpeter believed that assuming creation led to destruction , in that order , capitalism was a better economic system than the alternatives .
Most evil is not committed as a result of unbridled lust or greed ; and the sadistic monster who revels in inflicting pain on other people is rare .
On National Review Online , Stephen Spruiell thinks he has scored the gotcha of all gotchas with this : `` Eric Boehlert would freak out if you were to point out to him how much his book Lapdogs ... reads like a mirror image of the conservative press criticism he despises .
And , he concluded , `` whatever may be the ultimate cause of this crisis , it is certain that it is a spiritual one , since it represents the failure of civilized man to control the forces he has created .
WEALTHY LIBERALS have constructed an elaborate rationale to explain why wealthy conservatives are more willing to cut big checks .
As we have just seen , because the Modern Liberal feels he must protect the evil , failed , and wrong , he simply has no choice but to do so by attacking the good , right , and successful .
As a result of their faith , they are fiercely pro-life , hold marriage to be a sacred institution ordained by God as the union of one man and one woman , and believe in fully and freely living out their faith , raising their children in their faith , and sharing their faith with others .
Instead of a ticket , we 'd buy a web listing displaying our commitment to the battle as well as our marksmanship rating : a number reflecting how much money we 'd donated , the efficiency of our car , home , appliances .
And the only way to give working families the confidence they need to make the investment and spending choices on which their -- and our economy 's -- future depends is to rethink our nation 's social contract , to rebalance risks and rewards in American capitalism .
By artificially lowering interest rates far below where the free market would tend to set them , the Federal Reserve created unnaturally lax credit markets .
Again , the parts of speech tell all : The personal `` my '' ( `` my Medicare '' ) reveals the closeness these speakers feel toward the service the government provides , while the impersonal `` the '' ( `` the government '' ) evinces how distant , disconnected , and distrustful they feel toward the source ofthat treasured service .
Economic efficiency is important , but efficiency arguments are less convincing than moral arguments .
The federal government is targeting Lynne Stewart because it wants to intimidate defense attorneys either to refuse to represent accused terrorists or to provide less than zealous representation for fear of imprisonment .
The real problem is , as demonstrated above , that left-wingers , statists , and globalists strive to exploit this fact , transform it into envy , then use that resentment to accrue more political and economic power .
Nixon , after all , showed how you could exploit racial divisions , anxiety about social change , and paranoia about foreign threats to peel working-class whites away from the New Deal coalition .
Her testimony includes quotations from the collected affidavits , as well as her own story of a traumatizing abortion when she was 24 which she said led her to drinking , drugs , night clubs `` to numb the pain , '' uncontrollable crying , and diagnosed depression .
The radical feminist movement not only explains that any dissatisfaction she may experience is the fault of others , namely men , but also comforts her with a sense of solidarity and common purpose in the way that some men find the battalion a welcome relief from the freedom of civilian life . ''
They cut interest rates , launched public works programs , handed out business loans and bailouts , and created stimulus packages , while the Fed manufactured trillions out of thin air . ''
The old arguments are breaking out with new energy since they are but another way of arguing about what to do now .
Each atom smothers the individual freedom and enterprise that have defined the American character , replacing them with welfare states that prize dysfunction and reward the rabble-rousers .
It is even more shocking that anyone would pay any heed to a guy with so little experience in how the private sector operates and how government regulation kills initiative there .
The National Popular Vote Plan forces one state to select electors on the basis of the popular election results for president in other states , where there is no opportunity for the first state to contest the election -- but where significant vote fraud could have occurred .
This resulted in a vicious , smear-tainted campaign of abuse against Dr. Sternberg , driven by certain Smithsonian officials and by the National Center for Science Education ( self-described as a `` clearinghouse for information and advice to keep evolution in the science classroom and ` scientific creationism ' out '' ) .
These causes stem from common technical , organizational , and managerial problems , many of which are directly related to economic decisions based on the primacy of private profit in the design , operation , and regulation of highly dangerous chemical factories .
The proper way to bring the cost of health-care down is to make insurance companies compete nationally and get defensive medicine under control through serious tort reform that includes loser pays provisions .
While focused on the martial arts , Munenori rejects the modern notion that those arts are solely related to the violent and potentially fatal encounters between foes .
The absence of this truism has allowed a cult of denial to flourish , where the `` give peace a chance '' fantasy encourages tyrants and dictators to run amok over the unsuspecting , while good people get killed like so many clueless sheep .
Perhaps the group hoped that such puzzling illogic would distract people from a plain fact : Having a gun is better than not having one when you are confronted by a homicidal maniac .
Columbia University Professor Edmund S. Phelps , who won the 2006 Nobel Prize in economics , and his coauthor , Saifedean Ammous , assistant professor of economics at the Lebanese American University , write that the U.S. economy ceased to be a free market some time ago , yet the free market is blamed for the economic crisis .
For example , polar bears are portrayed as a starving , threatened species -- usually pictured sitting in a forlorn-looking pose , floating on a chunk of ice -- devastated from hunger brought about by limited hunting opportunities that are the result of thin and reduced Arctic ice , when in reality polar bear numbers are increasing , and may in fact be at record levels . ''
Tribe accused advocates of a constitutional convention of `` living in two worlds at once '' : they want to argue the political system is irredeemably broken but then `` rely on this supposedly failed process as a backstop to make this safe .
Whenever responsible gun owners try to enact laws recognizing that potential victims who are in fear of their lives do not need to do everything in their power to escape from criminals before responding to a bodily threat with deadly force , anti-gunners say that such laws are unnecessary .
But even that gigantic socialist wealth-transfer scheme was not enough to make synthetic fuel attractive when the price of crude oil stabilized at low levels during the 1980s .
High rates of flexibility and intensity of labor in the global South cast serious doubt on the notion that low southern wages reflect low southern productivity .
Every day in this country , according to the Department of Justice ( and every study ever conducted ) , armed , law-abiding citizens stop dangerous , violent confrontations from escalating into death and tragedy , simply by having a gun handy to provide real `` equality '' on the mean streets of America .
All initiative , creativity , entrepreneurship , productivity , faith , love , and charity begin at the individual level .
They will have to confront the disabling impact of economic recession on environmental regulation-almost always seen as an enemy of `` jobs '' - as well as the old canard that they are hopeless romantics standing athwart the thrust of progress .
In other words , a person is far more likely to be killed by lightning , or choke to death on a piece of steak than be killed by cancer caused by a landfill .
Their jobs or wages are not threatened , their children or grandchildren are not in public schools under the stress of mass immigration , and they do n't live in the neighborhoods or ride buses populated by angry and violent gangs of alienated immigrant youths .
And the means , employed by the Federal Reserve in conjunction with the Treasury Department , of creating new money was the issuance of government debt , which the Federal Reserve had the power to bankroll by creating money out of thin air .
No one at the time was arguing that newspapers should pay full freight , that the market should rule ; the range of debate was between those who argued for a large public subsidy and those who argued that all postage for newspapers should be free , to encourage the production and distribution of a wide range of ideas .
But we 've changed , which is why white middle - and upper-middle-class fans recoil at the cascade of injuries that can make ESPN resemble the surgery channel : not because football is different , nor because the injuries have gotten so much worse , but because we 've become increasingly careful as our society has become increasingly safe ; we 've lost our tolerance for risk .
Perhaps this is one reason why the term rich is routinely defined in the fine print of Democratic proposals as income just slightly above what the more successful workers in these fields make .
I hope that the outcome encourages those pessimistic about the readiness of Americans everywhere to listen to calm reason , accept the need for tradeoffs , and set our nation back on the course of greatness of which we are fully capable .
Those who believe it is immoral to kill animals for any reason , including eating and humane medical experimentation , should reflect on this : While there are strong links between cruelty to animals and cruelty to humans , there are no links between kindness to animals and kindness to humans .
If there is one thing that business people can not abide , it is uncertainty , because uncertainty makes it virtually impossible for businesses to make plans for the future with any degree of confidence .
More confirmation came last November , at the height of passengers ' fury over the TSA 's sexual assaults , when the agency 's iiber-fuhrer confessed that she lusts to irradiate and molest all travelers , not just those who take to the skies .
His `` broken window fallacy , '' in which onlookers , observing a shop window broken by vandals , erroneously conclude that the act of destruction will be beneficial to the economy because it will make work for the glazier , is one of his most famous economic parables .
Mencken 's observation , and has worked well in the past : find an issue ( or seize an opportunity if one is presented ) , create an environment of fear among the people , and then offer solutions that lead inexorably to the real goal : more government .
The president denies any such motive or outcome under his plan to manage health care , based on the best knowledge of the brightest health care planners , from the top down .
A society rich in intellectual capital is one in which the love of learning is widespread and carefully cultivated , where standards are high , where new discoveries are made , and where a rich heritage of old truths is kept alive through critical study .
The conservative Heritage Foundation , on the other hand , declares that its `` mission is to formulate and promote conservative public policies based on the principles of free enterprise , limited government , individual freedom , traditional American values , and a strong national defense .
The popular fallacy of the helpless individual worker bargaining with the mighty corporation has led to the acceptance of labor-union coercion , which raises wages in certain areas above the rates that would exist in a free and open market for labor .
Instead , it depends on a hyperactive , benevolent government to stimulate the economy , initiate and control business activity , and distribute benefits and wealth to strive toward equality of outcome rather than of opportunity .
Yet , no doubt in large part because we are n't wasting money trying to meet foolish Kyoto Protocol requirements , U.S. energy use is actually becoming quite a bit more efficient .
When ` musicians ' such as rappers get rich promoting misogyny , crime and disrespect , and ... when we effectively encourage moral decay with social policies that encourage rather than discourage strong nuclear families ; stories like this one are an inevitable result .
On taxes , they ridiculed the right as greedy and favoring the wealthy to the detriment of fiscal responsibility .
Americans have been pushing back , as well they might , since the President 's promises about decreased premiums , lower costs , improved care , and retaining existing insurance have already been shot full of holes .
Nowhere has this insurgency into the Republican Party been more apparent than in Utah , where a strong Tea Party movement ousted establishment GOP Senator Bob Bennett in a 2010 primary.Tea Party activists resented Bennett 's increasingly liberal voting record in general and his vote for the 2008 TARP bailout of big banks with taxpayer dollars in particular .
It is also a cause that creates an orientation and a meaning in her life that unstructured freedom destroys .
As much as the Left wants to depict the Tea Party as an angry mob , it is better described as a multitude of concerned and worried average citizens who have spontaneously banded together because they fear the consequences of massive overspending and debt .
However they phrased it , whatever synonyms they used for `` liberty '' ( including , impossibly enough , `` government '' ) and `` virtue '' ( including , logically enough , `` Christianity '' ) , the Founders insisted that liberty requires virtue .
No doubt there are some noble and righteous powerless people , but some of the most disgusting , vile , and dangerous people reside in the ranks of the powerless as well .
The slanders and lies political elites have directed toward the Tea Party not only have had little effect , but simply make it more attractive to countless Americans fed up with the condescending attitudes of those elites .
Abstract : The post-World War II social contract-an expanding public safety net , provision of health care and retirement benefits through a substantially unionized private sector , and robust personal savings-is under severe stress . ''
Union shop proponents point out that the `` free rider '' option weakens labor unions because fewer people are likely to join a labor union and pay membership dues if they can opt out and still enjoy the benefits of membership .
Colorado governor Bill Ritter signed a bill in early 2007 that requires all hospitals to either provide Plan B for rape victims or to direct women to someone who will .31 This presents a Catholic hospital with this choice : ( a ) violate the teachings of the Catholic Church by possibly inducing or aiding in an abortion or ( b ) become outlaws .
In the meantime , the majority of good people will be forced to perform damage control for bad people 's failure in quality control .
First of all is the argument that allowing school choice for all will somehow undermine democracy , that if low-income parents are allowed to use public dollars to move their kids to parochial or private schools then the notion of universal education and an American common purpose will crumble .
If nothing else , last summer 's tea parties showed that politicians will listen to popular outrage -- when it seems to threaten their jobs .
The Obama administration , together with assorted `` neo-leftist supporters , '' is attempting to use the state capitalist cards of imperialism abroad , massive deficit spending , giveaways to finance capital , and cuts in working class `` entitlements '' such as wages and retirement benefits to stop the potential collapse of capitalism and create a renewal of accumulation under conditions that serve overall capitalist interests .
Something in the illogical and irrational way liberals perceive our world has rendered poisonous the very idea that anyone who has achieved great wealth actually did so through hard work .
The facts about ethanol that required these subsidies and made it an unsustainable product on the free market also make its widespread use damaging .
Progressives have invested so much in higher education and creative fields for a reason -- not because they hope to translate leverage at Harvard or in Hollywood into partisan victories but because they intuit that these things count in their own right , and they add up to something much more than an electoral majority .
All of this is fine and good , but it ignores the real problem : America 's shaky economy is not a private but a government-based problem .
Ultimately , Dr. Paul 's book is not so much about freedom but about consequences -- what will surely come to pass if we continue to abuse our Constitution , reject free-market principles , and wage war across the globe under the spurious banner of democracy .
Their intent was to drum up support for reinstituting the Clinton-era assault weapons ban , a failed law that had resulted in more of the banned weapons being purchased than ever before .
The implication of these statements is unsettling : we may be decent folk , but we are n't very bright and are confused because we listen to talk radio , and are thus reduced to bitterly clinging to our guns and religion .
I also saw how government welfare and entitlement programs robbed people of self-respect and freedom by making them dependent and by encouraging behaviors that led to poverty , crime , dropping out of school , and many other systemic societal problems .
Affirming the dignity and worth of every innocent human life and defending the defenseless are fundamental American values .
Sixth , repudiating the regressive energy tax policies of Obama and the Democrats , we should implement the American Energy Plan discussed in chapter eighteen , which would unleash the private sector to produce low-cost , reliable energy supplies from American sources . ''
Worse yet , we will become a culture in which self-reliance becomes a vice and dependency a virtue ; a place where so many Americans are dependent upon government that our country comes to reject individual initiative , entrepreneurship , and opportunity that made us great .
Almost every day my staff and I dealt with chronic problems of poverty and despair that were the result of economic dislocation that was only made worse by a liberal vision of how to return these areas to their former glory .
If you rely only on this government-sanctioned law to regulate your actions , and if you 're a model , law-abiding citizen , you would find yourself at a significant disadvantage , having to fend off an armed attacker with a less effective weapon , such as a knife or baseball bat .
John Tomasi , a bleeding heart libertarian who teaches political science at Brown University , recently published Free Market Fairness ( Princeton University Press ) , which argues that modern liberals who want to maximize the well-being of the poor should embrace free markets more than they do .
Great Britain is not striking a blow on behalf of British liberty and independence , however ; the British government is concerned that the new protocol would interfere with its own homegrown regime of economic and financial controls , and British leaders show no interest in actually withdrawing from the European Union altogether .
Every election campaign politicians promise change , yet despite the promises the general trajectory and the final destination that trajectory will ultimately take us remain unchanged regardless if the Democrats or Republicans are dominant in Washington -- more and more government spending and indebtedness leading to economic collapse , and more and bigger government leading to total government .
Any so-called dating show on television may not only be awful entertainment , ( unless we really enjoy watching others get humiliated ) , but could be potentially mind-numbing and insulting to your intelligence .
Since FDR 's New Deal in the 1930s , when the U.S. government first decided to take control of the agricultural sector , the economics of food production in the United States -- and every place that receives American agricultural products -- have been severely distorted by systematic government intervention .
And their majority broke apart , in the end , because it was too collectivist : Its iron triangle strangled entrepreneurial freedom , its conformism stifled cultural creativity , its racial and sexual restrictions prevented millions of Americans from realizing their full potential .
As far back as the 1930s , Hayek made a name for himself by arguing that socialist economies , even ones that provided wide scope for market interactions as well as government planning , were doomed to fail .
They look upon the government as their mommy and daddy , there to kiss whatever hurts and make sure food is always on the table .1 These people yearn , and deserve , to live in a dictatorship where their fealty to the government is rewarded by lives absent of uncertainty and choice .
But it is the height of stupidity to think that we can `` rescue '' the economy by doing more of what caused our economic downturn in the first place -- more government spending , more creating money out of thin air , more artificially low interest rates , and more debt .
Sex outside a monogamous , life-long relationship has consequences : teen pregnancy ; out-of-wedlock births and the resulting consequences of teen parenting such as high school dropouts and welfare dependency ; abortion and related issues of depression ; sexually transmitted diseases , most notably AIDS ; rape and sexual abuse ; sexual addiction , especially to pornography , lack of self-respect and self-control ; and divorce .
Yes , but the question is not whether some source of energy could provide the amount of energy necessary to fuel our energy-driven economy , but whether or not it is a practical solution for providing electrical energy sufficient for industry .
His son , ophthalmologist Rand Paul , has led the liberty fight in the U.S. Senate as Kentucky 's junior Senator and was a founder of the Senate Tea Party caucus .
And Lindsey 's ideas get worse : he would cap home mortgage interest deductions and raise taxes on energy-including universally hated gasoline taxes .
Because fascists and Obamaites have both favored social programs , and because the Nazis were genocidal murderers , we are free to denounce Obama and his party as racialist fanatics .
The responses that followed Banks ' inquiry varied from those who used firearms to save their lives during robbery attempts , to the soundness of mind you have in knowing that you 're able to defend yourself and your loved ones , to the enjoyment of target shooting and hunting .
In a 2000 poll of registered voters , 52 percent strongly agreed and 28 percent somewhat agreed that while `` it may be necessary for mothers to work because the family needs money , it would be better if she could stay home and take care of the house and children .
The third is sheer speculation : that a stratum of financial executives , too liberal on cultural issues to back Romney , are among those angry at Obama for singling out Wall Street for causing the Great Recession and targeting the rich for higher taxes .
While experts say 1:2 is the dividing line between force sustainability and a force `` killer , '' all accounts put the current scheme closer to a dangerous 1:1 ratio .
Russian youth groups fanatically loyal to Putin rioted in Tallin , overturning cars , destroying shops , fighting with police , and terrorizing citizens .
The U.S. Federal Reserve and Treasury Department have created trillions in new money by issuing an almost limitless stream of government debt to a global market eager for the supposed security of the U.S. government 's guarantee to repay with interest .
Because government has created these discrepancies , government must also define what constitutes `` marriage , '' further extending the vicious circle degrading freedom .
Issa 's report , they say , `` supports ACORN 8 allegations of wrongdoing and enterprise corruption ; and presents compelling evidence that ACORN has evaded taxes , obstructed justice , engaged in racketeering , and created a conspiracy to defraud the United States .
Nasar tips her hand , however , when she says of the Great Depression , `` In retrospect , modern scholars put the primary blame on mistakes by the Federal Reserve , the collapse in confidence and spending by consumers and businesses , and the wave of selling into falling markets by increasingly panicky investors .
Let us hope that , by demonstrating how judicial activism can be invoked to harm the causes they hold dear , we can persuade the liberals to adopt the view that judges should interpret laws and not make them .
If `` only a headcount '' is taken , with no names included to allow for checking of accuracy , some municipalities with clever administrators are going to successfully encourage their residents to `` make sure we get our fair share '' of the funds by making sure they are counted .
But Tea Party favorite Senator Rand Paul ( R-Ky . )
Unlike the aforementioned McCain detractors , who are famous for partisan wrangling , nasty personal attacks , and high-decibel bloviation , Dobson is widely respected not only for holding to strong moral and political stands , but doing so in a low-key , high-minded , civil manner .
Without a shared sense of public morality , the individual feels powerless against the greedy behavior of others , and impelled to act selfishly in defense .
To use an example , a shortage of steel would lead to an increase in its price , signaling consumers to reduce their use , while encouraging producers to identify additional sources of steel or cheaper substitutes .
That 's the argument I 'd make against `` compassionate '' or `` humanitarian '' intervention : it does n't work because it 's based on some of the most childish ideas in history .
We need more artifacts that tell the truth : that beauty is not just in the eye of the beholder , but in truth itself ; that goodness really is good and desirable ; that wrongdoing has consequences .
Civic and business leaders promised big rewards , explaining that gambling would create jobs , raise property values , and provide money for roads and historic renovation .
The trouble with this argument is that it treats the Constitution of the United States as a kind of handbook in political theory , to be heeded or ignored depending on how it fits the plans of contemporary federal officials .
This development also represents the destruction of the use value structure of the capitalist economy , which is no longer dominated by social use values , C , but increasingly by specifically capitalist use values , CK , having as their sole purpose the promotion of exchange value .
Yakupoglu later told the media that he grabbed the weapon because he figured they 'd kill him even if he gave them the money .
`` We found probably the biggest single factor for determining how many people get killed or injured at one of these scenes when an attack occurs is the amount of time that elapses between when the attack starts and someone is able to arrive there on the scene with a gun .
By prizing only the value of liberty and hence of private property , Sandel has argued , liberalism disarmed itself in the battle against the power of money .
Since machine tools increase an economy 's productivity , making it possible to produce a greater quantity of output with a smaller input , the industry 's conscientious cost-cutting had a disproportionately positive effect on the American industrial system as a whole .
Additionally , porn has the same addicting physiological effects as gambling ; it causes men to desire more and more graphic sexual imagery to remain stimulated ; it causes men to objectify women and see them merely as sperm receptacles ; and it causes men and women to have problems with emotional intimacy .
It was to provide certain standards , facilitate and encourage people from one state to do business in another , and allow different states to specialize in products for which each state was particularly blessed with abundant resources , and for the whole country to benefit by being able to freely trade and purchase across state lines .
In Virginia , members of the Richmond Tea Party watched as Occupy protesters were allowed , gratis , to protest in the same park that they had been required by the city to pay to gather in , to the tune of $ 8,500 .
Correction : It is shameful that the Vice President would claim that failure to pass the jobs bill would result in more rapes and killings . )
If wealth could be created through money creation , then every American could be made an instant `` millionaire '' by mailing him a check for a million or a billion dollars .
Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah , as a result , recently announced his intention to stop confronting Siniora and agreed to rely on elections to change the political equation in Lebanon .
And many in the Army are starting to fear the consequences of what the Pentagon is doing : entrenching a quagmire and facilitating a powerful incentive for Defense Department hawks to launch further wars around the Middle East .
While this made the JDP more popular among the poor , it also led to complaints that benefits provided through the Green Card system motivated people to misuse and abuse the system .
This dangerous man , who produces independent , free-to-air programs for public radio , has been visiting India for forty years , doing dangerous things like learning Urdu and playing the sitar .
Here you will read that Rousseau conjured all the evils of the modern world , that the influence of the Frankfurt School is destroying traditional values , that closet Nietzscheans are spreading the disease of moral relativism , and that Deweyan faith in `` planners '' is corroding our liberties .
And the kind of systemic change we need is change that eliminates State-secured privileges and State-imposed liabilities , not another State-created bureaucracy designed to ameliorate problems the State itself has created .
Unfortunately , the fiasco of health care reform in 2009 made this problem worse , not better .
Free markets create winners and losers , and the Left does not like the painful fact that some people lose and some win .
In No Room at the Inn : The Loneliness of the Black Conservative , he wrote : `` Blacks are not stupid ... as long as they view conservatives as antagonistic to their interests ... nothing we say will be heard . ''
Encounter groups deliberately heighten peer pressure -- isolating holdouts of a viewpoint and intimidating weaker individuals by ridiculing them , cursing at them , yelling at them , and ostracizing them until they `` cave .
The problem is even worse than that because in most jurisdictions juveniles who commit violent crimes are not even fingerprinted and their records as juveniles are not available to prosecutors or courts when they commit further crimes as adults .
Shareholders , like all stakeholders , will make a better determination about the use of their capital than bureaucrats who do n't ever suffer the downside of a bad investment .
Not only did the block grant doom the program to a slow death by inflation ( by 2010 , it will have lost 27 percent of its value ) , it also encouraged states to deny benefits to families , since they 'd get the same amount of federal funds regardless of how many people received assistance .
In an early version of Keynesian economics , Hamilton noted that when people make things , they also earn money , which will be used to buy more things , thus creating a real economy with things of real value circulating in it .
The city of Oak Park also nudges homeowners to cooperate : Through its licensing of landlords , it tracks racial residency patterns , and as a condition for receiving financial aid to meet vigorous code enforcement or make security and other improvements , building owners agree to use the Oak Park Regional Housing Center for referrals .
She described how having had a child changed her feelings about what it means to kill a fetus : `` IfI had an abortion today , it would be with a conflict and sadness unknown to me when I had an abortion a decade ago , '' she wrote .
Rather , I 'm explaining why my wife and I have chosen homeschooling , and why I feel strongly that we need to make some changes so that more families who want to choose homeschooling can do so more easily .
Yet , the Treasury 's latest supposedly bold stroke is n't a solution , but a politically driven reaction -- just as were the policies that led to the creation and expansion of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
As a Republican national committeeman , Bopp fought for a resolution requiring candidates to pledge support for at least eight of ten policy positions - being pro-gun rights , pro-Defense of Marriage Act , against Obama 's stimulus package , and so on - in order to get party backing .
If we allow the Obama administration to continue to advance its nefarious agenda , America will continue on the path toward becoming an enemy of free speech and religious choice , of individual initiative and the creation of wealth .
But as we all know , even government programs created with the best intentions can get out of control if they are allowed to grow unchecked .
Whether the issue is ethanol , so-called green jobs , global warming ( most recently re-re-dubbed `` global climate disruption '' ) , or the imposition of burdensome regulations , the arrogance of the rule makers is astonishing , even if their previous warnings have proven defective .
Our Founders created the federal government to safeguard our liberties and our Republic , not to use the power of the state to re-engineer our entire way of life and to confer favors on the few at the expense of the many .
The appeal to complexity is intended to inhibit the appeal to freedom , and make it seem crude and unworldly .
Just as the Web changed how people communicate -- the tipping point Kremen exploited with Match.com -- he anticipates that solar will break down our system of centralized energy production and create a distributed network of tiny power-producing homesteads .
`` The grand hope was to create retail spaces that would enable people to make money and serve the creative class Florida talks about , '' Tonello says .
Both wanted to disabuse the youth of their `` prejudices '' in the name of openness : the psychology professor in the name of nihilisitic openness , and Bloom for the encouragement of philosophical inquiry , open to the possibility of Truth as well as the possibility of nihilism .
This is the origin of the basic American political ideal : that man gets all his rights and powers from God , the Creator ; that government is weaker and less important than man , because government was created by man .
This transfer of wealth , comments Freeman editor Sheldon Richman , `` is harmful because it politicizes societies , enriches politicians and parasitic organizations , and discourages productive activity .
Writing in The Weekly Standard last November , he argued that a procedure for bankruptcy could instantly reduce states ' bond debt and chop the fat out of bloated contracts with public employees by allowing states in default or in danger of default to reorganize their finances free from their contractual obligations .
While she too believes that Federal spending and the national debt has grown too large , her desire to bring her conservative ideas and principles to Washington comes from the fact that she wants to help solve problems , not create problems .
Allowing hedge fund traders to steal trillions of dollars from Americans who invested in good faith in the companies that were raided by the short sellers is a prime example of how this administration manipulates capital markets .
Hazlitt and other champions of freedom and free markets understood that the enemies of freedom can be counted on to exploit every opportunity to spread their falsehoods , so they worked tirelessly to help the common man to understand and appreciate the virtues of free-market capitalism .
On the other hand , the `` pro-abortion '' side is referred to , very positively , as `` prochoice , '' ignoring the fact that no one has a `` right '' to kill an innocent human being .
Topping them all , at last in terms of rhetorical panache , is Mark Anthony Neal or , as he frequently refers to himself , the `` Thug-Nigga-Intellectual '' - a `` dangerous nigger and America has never romanticized about its fear of angry ` do n't give a f -- k ' niggers .
But in each of these instances , it was our very commitment to moral and religious principle , to an authority and law higher than our own , that impelled us to self-correct and to use our greatest mistakes as the greatest opportunities to reassert the dignity of every human being and the cause of human freedom . ''
The failure to learn these distinctions is actually the cause of liberalism , and lies at the heart of the liberal confusion about race .1 Liberals begin by taking a stand that feels morally right ; but the true appeal of liberalism lies in its making believers feel good about themselves .
Self-interested nation-states were channeling their ambitions and aggressions into economic competition , economic interconnectedness was rendering war obsolete , and it was generally believed that freedom was best served by the free market .
Through freedom and mutual respect , each of us is free to pursue our dreams and to become the best versions of ourselves , together creating a community of people reaching their highest God-given potential .
When told of Thompson 's appointment , Nixon responded , `` Oh shit , that kid , '' adding that the Tennessee attorney was `` dumb as hell .
All of the negative economic effects of inflation -- devaluation of private wealth , unfair redistribution of income from creditors to debtors , and hindrance to rational economic calculation -- damaged the Northern war effort , but not as much as that of the South .
Shifting the blame for the capitalist crisis onto the working class , this propaganda campaign sought not only to deflect anger that could have been directed by these sectors toward the government and its neoliberal policies , but also to prepare the necessary alliances for a future confrontation with the working class . ''
When the federal government gives matching grants , it creates an incentive for states to increase spending on programs regardless of effectiveness ( as happens currently with Medicaid , where Washington pays about 60 cents out of every dollar spent on the program as spending rages out of control ) .
In sum , only `` love in truth , '' true love , Christian love , can bring about authentic `` social , juridical , political , and economic '' development .
The repeal and replacement strategy that worked for welfare will work in each of these areas , because it reinforces the habits of liberty that empower the individual , strengthen freedom , and support American Exceptionalism .
Numerous rooftop snipers have pointed out that it is also easy for Flanagan to romanticize the joys of traditional housewifery because she has done so damned little of the actual drudge work , her second husband 's position as an executive at Mattel sparing her the indignity of serfdom .
( In reality , the labor theory of value is nonsensical both in theory and practice , because it ignores the many non-labor factors that enter into the creation of economic value , is based upon unproven assertions , and ultimately leads to economic chaos and the loss of political freedom .
Since California courts have found that this registry does not violate the DOMA , two feuding religious-right coalitions are now circulating petitions trying to get enough signatures to ask voters to amend the state constitution by restricting marriage to different-sex pairs and by dumping the domestic-partnership registry .
Among these are his false assertions relating to concealed-carry permits and support for a permanent ban of so-called assault weapons .
But the Radicals condemned the Continental Congress ' usual way of raising funds : One huffed that `` to induce persons to lend money by promises of exorbitant interest , is not only to dishonor a virtuous cause by applying to our vices for support , but is adding distress to our country , by fueling the disease which occasioned it .
In a lengthy article published in the London Telegraph , Carter pointed out that the `` science arguments for a dangerous human influence on global warming have , if any thing , become weaker since the establishment of the IPCC in 1988 , '' the latest IPCC report notwithstanding .
I do n't like it because it erodes what makes health care work in this country -- the free market , the profit motive .
Here he argues that , beyond its regulation of the purity and the manufacture of drugs , the FDA should not have the power to control the marketing of new products on the basis of their effectiveness or -- within wide limits -- their safety . ''
The story of Don Quixote actually helps explain why well-intended congressmen and senators would blindly destroy the freedoms that created the American success story .
Meanwhile , on the home front , the statistical arguments that the monetarists had used to build their academic case for a simple relationship between money creation and price increases broke down .
It is the people who create jobs , it is the people who cure diseases and invent new ways to solve complex problems , it is the people who take care of their families , it is the people who volunteer time and give money to charity , and it is the people who make the country work .
Social justice entails redistribution of wealth , taking from those disproportionally endowed and giving to those who are underprivileged through no fault of their own -- for reasons ranging from past injustices and their lingering contemporary effects to technological changes to globalization to genetic differences .
High interest rates discourage active investment while making passive investment attractive , and thus deliver a one-two punch to consumption .
However , investors became unmoored from the essential risk underlying loans to noncredit-worthy individuals by the continuous refraining of the form of risk ( from sub-prime mortgages to mortgage-backed securities to CDOs ) ; the misleading assurances given by creditrating agencies ; and , most important , the undercapitalized `` insurance '' offered on CDOs in the form of credit-default swaps - the poster child for unregulated OTC derivatives .
And rightfully so , since he often says ridiculous things that demand a response from those who understand basic economics better than he does , despite his having won a Nobel Prize .
Bernanke , a longtime adherent of the so-called `` monetarist '' school of economics , popularized by the likes of Irving Fisher , Milton Friedman , and Anna Schwarz , believes , like all monetarists , that the Great Depression was caused by the failure of the Federal Reserve to act decisively .
Despite the implication made in Obama 's mocking tone , in fact , things do trickle down , as in the case where a business investment creates jobs , or when the research of pharmaceutical firms prolongs our life span .
The stimulus served as a mere precursor to the major battle over Obama 's budget , which represents a once-in-a-generation chance for the Democratic Party to reshape the priorities of the federal government -- to reduce America 's unsustainable carbon emissions and reform its bloated , cruel health care system .
And that 's exactly why immigrants cause so much agitation : They are perceived by many voters as one giant , undeserving resource suck . ''
The problem with the Occupy movement , they find , is that the outcry against funneling taxpayer dollars to `` banksters '' is `` drowned out by calls for student loan forgiveness , free health care , jobs for life , or , in the most extreme cases , the abolition of money altogether and a return to a barter economy .
Republicans could chip away at black allegiance to the Democratic Party by expending more efforts in black communities , continuing to push for faithbased initiatives popular among black Christians , expanding black homeownership , supporting charter schools and other educational reforms that resonate with blacks , and continuing to take a tough stand on national security .
What I will argue is that even the most skeptical and liberal of my readers must agree that for his or her values to be maintained in society , we must provide our children with a grounding in the objective reality of moral truths .
Jobs ' demand for excellence and precision in this world led the middle-aged political liberal to confront Barack Obama , a President who is arguably the most left-wing president in American history ' .
In addition , there is a danger that taxpayers ' costs could balloon if the federal government proves less efficient in administering and collecting loans than current private-sector lenders , which have an incentive to administer and collect loans efficiently in order to maximize profits .
Nor is mere acceptance of government subsidies real evidence of realignment : The worst outcome would be paying fighters who join government militias but answer to Taliban commanders because of threats to their families .
He suggested decentralizing government to settle controversies on social issues , while focusing on questions that libertarians and conservatives could rally behind -- including slashing taxes , cutting welfare , abolishing racial and other group privileges , dismantling the Federal Reserve ( `` attacking the banksters '' ) , bringing the troops home , and defending family values against the politically correct state .
Economic historian Burton Folsom makes a useful distinction between market entrepreneurs , who grow wealthy when the public freely purchases what they have to sell , and political entrepreneurs , who grow wealthy because government cripples their competitors or grants them a monopoly .
Even he would have been in complete shock over Al Gore 's ability to scare billions of people into believing humans are killing themselves and suffocating all life on the planet by driving their carbon-emitting cars back and forth to work instead of riding bicycles .
While rich fishers pursue dwindling species with the aid of technology , poor fishers do it through brutal ingenuity , including using poison and explosives , leading to what 's known as Malthusian overfishing -- when a fishery is overwhelmed yet fishing continues anyway , in ever more destructive and desperate ways , until the complete decimation of species and their ecosystems .
Millions of jobs were created simply because government began a deficitspending program-as high as 29 percent of gross domestic product in one year-on a scale far beyond what had been politically feasible prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor .
This salvation is not from hell , but from sin , thus pretty much eliminating the truth about a future Judgment Day .
This vigorous support of business interests entails a belief in unfettered capitalism , that is , business free of government regulation since regulation entails some level of community control .
This sampling of criticisms against libertarians ( representative of many more of their kind ) is not an accurate conception of individualism within a libertarian context ; these criticisms are either inapplicable statements referencing a different kind of individualism , or straw men set up to easily dismiss and discard the underlying philosophy of individual liberty .
The United Mine Workers saw the agreement as the kiss of death for the coal industry , and other industrial unions argued that Kyoto would encourage more U.S. manufacturers to make the move to China , which was exempt from the agreement .
Crude oil prices have remained at or above this level since 2004 , making investment in CTL technologies attractive and spurring investment .
But several recent studies suggest that well-intentioned restrictions on payday lenders wind up harming the very people such laws are intended to help , reducing their access to emergency cash and prompting them to use costlier , more dangerous , and more credit-damaging options .
The Tea Party also propelled Marco Rubio to the U.S. Senate in Florida over the establishment liberal Republican Governor Charlie Crist , first by giving Rubio the GOP nomination and then by creating a surge of support to overcome in a three-way race both the Crist independent run as well as the Democrat .
The Shabbat services include beautiful chanting ; Torah study is engaged and intellectually rich ; and the warmth of community adds joy .
ZB : I would have addressed on a broader front immediately the three major issues we confront in the Middle East , because it is out of the Middle East that the terrorist threat is directed against us .
Certainly wealthy men can be greedy , but there is no better restraint on `` corporate greed '' than the freedom to fail .
Strong families are grounded in a code of conduct , morality , values , and , much more often than not , a shared faith , plus judicious use of the age-old sanctions of shame and stigma .
One of the strongest practical arguments against government intervention in the domestic economy comes from Ludwig von Mises : One intervention , by causing unintended consequences , leads to further intervention .
But what mattered most was the explosion in murder , rape , robbery , and vandalism rates and the failure of the governing class to perform the most basic task of government and keep its citizens safe from violence .
Therefore , to get money for its spending programs , government inflicts privation on everyone , including low-wage workers , college students , the homeless , and so on , and it drains resources from vital activities like technological innovation , medical care , job creation , and so forth .
So it is that the President 's energy plan , sporting more than a bit of arrogance as an additive , is to try to force Americans to buy more costly and highly subsidized energy sources than fossil fuels , even while maintaining that this will lead to an economic boom .
The administration solution to this deterioration has been largely rhetorical , with a dangerous element of wishing away the problem of pension security by allowing companies to `` assume '' unrealistically higher returns for pension funds rather than face up to the need for larger contributions .
Even the Green Party , which has decentralization as one of its key values and grassroots democracy as one of its pillars , often defaults to a knee-jerk defense of federal bureaucratic control in policy debates , thereby acting more as an auxiliary of the Democratic Party than a genuine rival .
The power that these officials exercise as a public trust is enormous and can easily be abused for personal , political , and economic gain , as well as to advance political and economic agendas harmful to freedom and open , representative government .
U.S. citizens have prospered since we acknowledged our inalienable rights from God ( Divine Providence ) , where we are free to dream , free to act with only moral 10 Commandment-type restraints , free to own property , and , literally , free to mold our own destiny .
But the kind of power held by the Fed enables it to create national booms and busts at will ( although some busts , as now , can not be controlled ) , cause praise or disapproval to be heaped on the nation 's leaders , and even affect the choices of America 's voters .
You can quite reasonably argue that the distributive gains outweigh the employment losses , especially in the short run , and many economists and others make exactly this argument .
The result , write Weiss and Young , was not `` to jail more violent rapists -- lack of consent is easy enough for the state to prove in those cases -- but to make it easier to send someone to jail for failing to get an explicit nod of consent from an apparently willing partner before engaging in sex .
The problem has been noted for some time , and the Heritage Foundation issued a report in 2000 entitled How Medicare Paperwork Abuses Doctors and Harms Patients .
William Kristol , editor of the Weekly Standard , argued simultaneously in 2005 that more tax cuts were needed because the economy was slowing and because the last round of tax cuts succeeded in boosting the economy .
This ideology rejects the goal of government as securing equal opportunity , it demands that government create equal results .
Stresses that produce such disruptions may result from the daily struggles faced by families coping with severe economic hardship , substance abuse , mental-health problems ( especially maternal depression ) , and conditions in which children are victimized directly by neglect or abuse , or indirectly by repeated exposure to violence .
To stop the pork spree , we 'll need to restore real budget controls-including stronger versions of the `` pay as you go '' rules that effectively constrained spending and tax cuts in the 1990s-as well as budget caps .
Besides , towns such as Nucla and Naturita have never been exactly obsessed with safety rules : The Chiles men do n't always bother to wear respirators when their drill kicks up sun-blotting plumes of possibly radioactive dust , and David says no one in his family has suffered the classic mine-town health problems such as cancer , birth defects , and emphysema .
Shawn Mizell , a gun instructor at `` Oh Shoot '' gun shop , told WMBF that there are too many people who fall prey to their attackers in a violent situation because they do n't know how to fight back under pressure .
To allow individuals to take risks and invest in themselves `` when the consequences of failure are very harsh , '' Zingales also supports a safety net of forgiving bankruptcy laws , unemployment insurance , and job retraining .
This results in the best quality products at the lowest possible prices and millions of individuals are able to make their own decisions about what to buy based on their means and values . ''
The result has brought on all of fiat money 's woeful consequences -- slowed commerce , unemployment , person-to-person animosity , fear of losing assets , and loss of confidence in government .
Edinburgh , on the other hand , was now free to accept back its Whig Presbyterians , a progressive merchant , jurist , and intellectual class largely descended from Lowland families in the territories south of Edinburgh and Glasgow that had been settled over the centuries by invading Normans , and then English , and with a strong interest in economic and academic ties with London .
Decades ago , there may have been an argument for GSEs to guarantee the credit risk of prime mortgage loans in order to overcome the geographic barriers to mortgage funding , barriers that were themselves largely created by government regulation .
At a time when almost 40 percent of the expenditures of the federal government go to America 's wars and other defense and defense-related tasks , the notion that cutting taxes can bring us to the libertarian Promised Land sounds delusional .
It is easy to quickly lose hope as our country declines further into socialism and the government gains new and dangerous powers with each passing day , but there is hope .
\* See , for example , Hot Talk , Cold Science , and Unstoppable Global Warming Every 1500 Years , by Dr. S. Fred Singer ; The Politically Incorrect Guide to Global Warming ( and Environmentalism ) and Red Hot Lies : How Global Warming Alarmists Use Threats , Fraud , and Deception to Keep You Misinformed by Christopher C. Horner ; and Meltdown , by Patrick Michaels .
The strategy will be defeated , from the beginning , if firms must interrupt production and dismiss workers simply because the output they are producing can not be sold immediately at the Wal-Mart price .
Because socialism equates not only to high tax burdens and government spending , but to government control\/interference in the markets , it is very important to compare countries based on the burdens that government regulations place on businesses .
Wall Street pundits used to argue that inflation hurt poor retirees , but that argument was also incorrect , since Social Security goes up with inflation52 and recipients are therefore protected .
The `` security '' agenda provides for three priority areas with these mandates : ( 1 ) secure North America from external threats ; ( 2 ) prevent and respond to threats within North America ; and ( 3 ) further streamline the secure movement of low-risk traffic across our shared borders .
As a corollary , this reduction makes the carbon credits more valuable , puts American industry under total control of the government , and makes trading credits incredibly profitable , especially when brokers can pick up inventory from Eastern European nations or African satrapies , and sell it to American entrepreneurs .
In doing so , it would be easy for ecological Marxists to garner praise from parochial nationalists , but there is a danger in neglecting the serious problems in socialist China by turning ecological Marxism into a weapon that should be only pointed at foreign capitalist countries . ''
When the subject of gun control came up at a neighborhood barbecue or family party , my dad wearily pointed out to anyone who was anti-gun control that handguns were designed to do one thing and one thing only : kill people . ''
As it stands , borrowers and investors have lost trust in the banks ; banks have lost trust in each other ; and the world has lost trust in the American economy . ''
In a recent case in Philadelphia , an Internet service provider was asked for detailed information relating to all traffic on a certain date , to include IP addresses , times , email addresses , physical addresses , registered accounts , Social Security Numbers , bank account numbers , and credit card numbers .
Social Security and other social welfare programs violate each as well , on a repeated basis , by confiscating one 's property , reducing the liberty with which one might use that money for other pursuits , and thus denying an improvement in one 's own life .
The eagerness of radical feminists to see insult in every male action , coupled ( if one dare use that word ) with the spinelessness of the supposedly oppressive patriarchy , has led to so much discomfort and loss of freedom .
On the other hand , the Right to Work argument is motivated by the principle of individual freedom , namely , that each individual should be free to decide for himself whether he wants to join a labor union and pay membership dues .
That may explain why the pharmaceutical industry and its allies are emphasizing other arguments against Pelosi 's proposal -- chief among them that having the government involved in drug pricing will lead to fewer medical breakthroughs ( by reducing the drug companies ' ability to invest in research ) or will result in restricted access for patients who need life-saving medications .
It is similarly shoddy in using terms favored by left-wing extremists to describe their opponents on the right , such as `` antigovernment , '' `` hate-oriented , '' `` paranoid , '' `` dangerous , '' and `` violent .
Concerned Americans working together to stop dangerous trends or to fight inroads made by those who would overturn cherished and important traditions continue to have an impressive impact .
`` Throughout this tour of the disaster zones of liberal environmentalism we have seen two things confirmed time and time again : that American values like property , enterprise and freedom work well to protect the environment ; and that the environment suffers when these values are replaced by contrary values like nationalization , central planning , and control , '' Murray writes .
Presumably , numeracy , verbal skill , problem solving , and social intelligence are invaluable in calculating slim profits and interest rates , in assessing creditworthiness , in anticipating trends , and in meeting other cognitive demands of the middleman niche .
People do n't want to hear -- assuming for the sake of argument that fracking 's critics are right -- they may be letting their own children be poisoned ; how much more readily would they poison the messenger .
They had their own criticisms of contemporary charitable practices and institutions , but they were by no means looking to overcome charity , nor did they think charity per se inadequate or outdated .
As Pope Leo XIII noted in the encyclical Rerum Novarum , the Marxist ideal of absolute equality results in the `` levelling down of all to a like condition of misery and degradation '' Suppressing economic initiative and the right to private contract , argued Pope John Paul II , puts `` everyone in a position of almost absolute dependence .
Hoover 's policies before Roosevelt took over were akin to a mini-New Deal , but that has n't prevented Democrat statists over the decades from maligning his administration 's supposed free-market failures as the cause of the Depression , a trend that the Democrats have already warmed up to use against the Bush administration when the Obama solutions do n't work .
In reality , the national debt , when all the promises that the government has made to everyone -- China , Japan , the Social Security trust fund , Medicare , Medicaid , unemployment benefits , federal employee health and retirement benefits , healthcare and retirement benefits to veterans -- are added up , exceeds $ 200 trillion , nearly 14 times larger than the amount to which Washington is willing to admit .
Though the demographics of the American population assuredly have helped exacerbate the situation , economist Thomas Sowell has correctly observed that the `` only reason changing demographics are a problem is because Social Security was never insurance in the first place , even though it was politically expedient to describe it that way .
It seems , then , that the women 's vote is unlikely to save us from the consequences of continuing emphasis on individual liberty , equality , and the pursuit of happiness as supreme values .
To have leadership in higher education not only provide disingenuous and transparent justifications , but target support among the most irrational elements in the community in order to stifle criticism and evade responsibility amounts to nothing less than a betrayal of civilized society .
A.G. Heinsohn 's letters -- speaking truth to power , as we would style it nowadays -- are , unfortunately , a voice from another age , when reverence for the Constitution and the free market were still widespread , and when so-called `` conservatism '' had not yet been diluted and perverted into a `` neo-conservative '' parody of itself by the likes of William F. Buckley and Irving Kristol .
Through cowardice , ignorance , or opportunism , such a society passes laws and accepts regulations that contradict its basic principles and violate the inalienable rights of its citizens .
Over the years , governments have found a handful of reasons to subsidize ethanol : it gets us off of foreign oil , it 's an oxygenate that helps turn deadly carbon monoxide into harmless ( or so environmentalists used to argue ) carbon dioxide , and it benefits farmers .
Think about the incredible loss of personal freedom that comes when the government tells you , in effect , what size car to drive ( small ) , what kind of food not to eat ( meat from methane producing cows ) , or what temperature to run your heater during the winter ( the lower the better ) .
The new law , of course , exacerbates this threat because it guarantees that insurers , drug companies and health providers will be even more mobilized in future political battles than they already are . ''
By June the New York Times was reporting that congressional Democrats , wary of voter anger over the passage of ObamaCare and other legislation , were avoiding town hall meetings in their districts , heeding `` the advice of party leaders ... to avoid unscripted question-and-answer sessions .
Despite a proven record of inefficiency as against nuclear power and fossil fuels , solar and wind energy will both enjoy hefty infusions of $ 43 billion from the stimulus bill allocated to energy , because the environmental lobby happens to deem them less conducive to global warming than , say , coal .
Likewise , right after 9\/11 , when most residents of the Middle East were shocked and disgusted by Al Qaeda 's attacks , it would have been possible to start securing their long-term support for a campaign against violent Islamic extremism .
Instead of making us more responsible citizens , more inclined to rely on our own good judgment rather than public institutions , justice porn popularizes the idea that the court system is a legitimate venue for mending friendships , punishing moral ( but not criminal ) transgressions , and seeking inspirational hugs from stern but caring authority figures .
The statements can be reconciled by observing that as long as there is involuntary unemployment , low interest rates , by stimulating active investment and therefore production without raising labor costs , should not produce inflation .
It has been documented and established that in many cases , pop culture has been responsible for increased drug abuse , teen pregnancy , murders , suicides , rapes , abortion , and domestic violence .
This bill authorizes the Treasury Department to use $ 700 billion of taxpayer money to purchase troubled mortgage-related securities from banks and other financial-related institutions , on terms set by the Treasury Secretary , who now has authority to manage and sell those assets .
Yet as early as the 1970s , ministers in London worried that if Edinburgh gained control over North Sea oil fields , `` for the first time since the Act Of Union was passed , it ( could ) now be credibly argued that Scotland 's economic advantage lies in its repeal .
I am proud to partner with them to help ensure that Texas is a national leader in the cause of liberty and respect for a limited government .
, one of the Democrats who now harshly attacks NCLB , `` is to make the public schools so awful , and starve them of money , just as he 's starving all the other social programs , so that people give up on the public schools .
Where I disagree with Leonardo DiCrapio , Al Goreleoni , and the other soothsayers , is the use of trumped up science to scare people into emptying their pockets to support radical eco-terrorist issues and causes while worshiping at the altar of environmentalism .
In nearly every corner of the conservative movement and the Republican Party , the reaction was the same : Republicans lost because they betrayed the one true faith . )
The U.S. Constitution limits the role of the federal government to a few areas : national defense ; economic facilitation such as a standard currency , ports and maritime commerce , and the regulation of interstate commerce ; federal roads ( referred to as postal roads in the Constitution ) ; and a justice system made up of the Supreme Court and lower federal courts .
While the normal gun-control voices reacted with hostility to the incident , others lavished praised on a man who they argue did the right thing .
If , as is overwhelmingly more likely , the economy remains mired in periodic recession or interest rates begin to rise as would-be creditors demand a greater return from U.S. government securities , interest payments will quickly surpass 20 percent of federal revenues , a proportion that , in Ferguson 's view , always spells problems .
The Obama wonks favored automatically enrolling many of them in the plan that best suited their needs , based on their drug-buying histories , then allowing them to switch if they found one they liked better .
The diversity rationale also facilitates the evasion of prickly subjects - for instance , the fact that racial minorities selected for valued positions sometimes have records that , according to certain criteria such as standardized tests , are inferior to those of white competitors .
Their price increase in recent years has been caused by a production cutback in China , which accounts for 95 percent of world production , as it tries to better control the extensive ecological damage caused by extracting these minerals .
Bernanke laid out his thoughts in the 1983 American Economic Review , in which he argued that bank failures meant that households , farms , and small firms found credit `` expensive and difficult to obtain '' and that the `` credit squeeze helped convert the severe but not unprecedented downturn of 1929-1930 into a protracted depression .
Rep. Stupak provided the critical flip-flop , claiming he could switch and vote for the `` Obamacare '' bill because President Obama had promised to sign an executive order to ensure that no federal money would be used for elective abortions under the insurance system created by the new law . ''
It poisons everyone it touches , from the mother and her ill-fated child , to the mother and father 's families , to the abortion provider , to each of us who stands as a silent witness to this destruction and debasement of human life .
When Democrats stray from these tenets in education , they end up divided , weak , and vulnerable , reduced to arguing that the nation 's most egalitarian and vital public institutions are n't worth trying to improve .
Many locals are ready to assassinate the character of anyone with the temerity to point out that young men raised by stressed grandmothers and violent video games , indoctrinated by antisocial rap lyrics and morally instructed by street gangs , are not likely to succeed in school or society .
Besides the RFC , the Hoover administration took a number of other actions , including the creation of a new Home Loan Bank System -- the beginning of federal government involvement in the housing industry -- and bullying of stock traders , in effect forcing them to impose regulations on short-sellers , whom Hoover believed were especially to blame for the stock market collapse . ''
The Federal Reserve 's printing presses certainly bore a large share of the blame for the steep rise in government indebtedness during the 1930s , but so did FDR 's New Deal , the first peacetime attempt to create a centrally managed economy in the United States .
As Sowell proves without a doubt that America is toeing the line of tyranny and economic collapse , readers may feel discouraged , but they may take comfort in the words of Thomas Sowell : `` The trajectory of our course leads to a fate that would fully justify despair .
Under these agreements , an American worker who faces indirect competition from foreign laborers who make imported products has a parallel opportunity to compete with them by making products for export to their countries .
Two years ago , writing in the Prospect , Princeton political scientist Larry Bartels reported that voters of all classes supported repeal of the estate tax , which affected only the richest 2 percent Even moderate-income voters who deplored rising inequality and supported activist government favored repeal by 2-to-1 .
With funding from the Russell Sage Foundation , the NES survey included a battery of questions focusing on perceptions of economic inequality and its causes and consequences , the 2001 Bush tax cut , the proposed repeal of the federal estate tax , and related issues .
On the other hand , says Lott , `` There are a large number of peer-reviewed academic studies showing that letting private citizens own guns reduces violent crime , and some work finds that gun crime falls even faster than overall violent crime .
The Kinsey Syndrome also makes the case that Kinsey 's lies helped jump-start the porn industry and illustrates how porn magazines ' use of images depicting molestation of and violence toward children has desensitized many to those acts .
It will also create barriers to the best possible care , because decisions about what care you get must be negotiated with your insurer .
This was leadership that had the strength to turn moments of adversity into opportunity , the wisdom to see a little further down the road , and the courage to challenge conventional thinking and worn ideas so that we could reinvent our economy to seize the future .
Law Professor Richard A. Epstein , author of How Progressives Rewrote the Constitution , had some harsh criticism for the path the court used to break free from the chains of the Constitution .
As they sift among the various legal methods available to them for the civil combat against economic enslavement and the federal government 's intrusions into every aspect of our lives , they have stumbled across a timeless principle of self-defense used by our Founding Fathers to fight their own battle against the forces of federal oppression nullification . ''
I will be happy to grant Chait 's point when I see `` actual liberals '' oppose racial and gender preferences and reject racially gerrymandered voting districts or defend universal standards of behavior instead of vilifying conservative social critics for `` blaming the victim .
The Chinese are smart enough to make green tech if we want to buy it from them , but they are not so dumb as to think that such technology is better , on their own homefront , than good cheap coal .
Any patient who has the blessing of being able to patronize a physician who shares their conservative values can kiss that blessing goodbye as those physicians will be forced to either compromise their values or give up medicine .
This is how the public unions have always rolled : strong-arm tactics and brute force through card check , angry mobs storming homes of business leaders , organized strikes , and leftist protests such as in Wisconsin and Occupy Wall Street .
It is fair to say that the entrepreneurial sector the economy , despite near-universal celebration its importance , continues to be somewhat hobbled by the aftermath of a financial crisis that it did not create , by regulatory favoritism , and by poisonous partisan blockages .
They saw fit to create a government under the Constitution that would temper the passions of the people and better protect individual liberty .
Some argue that unexpected occurrences , like a severe economic depression , a new baby boom , or substantial changes in mortality rates could cause a major shift in predicted funding needs for Social Security and Medicare .
Most of the diseases and conditions that kill us are the result of lousy choices we make about diet , exercise , and drug and alcohol use .
While Three Mile Island had proven to scientists and engineers that evacuations of a populace were more dangerous than a nuclear meltdown , ( ( dagger ) ) radical anti-nuke forces insisted that the reactor not be allowed to operate until LILCO created and received approval for evacuation plans and routes , which were to be widely publicized .
That means the village elders who dominate the leadership and control the content of these institutions are hammering away at your children , your family , and the values of our society .
However , their ambivalence toward illegal immigration is not reflected among their self-appointed leaders , whose interest lies in simply boosting the number of warm brown bodies they can claim to represent .
The consensus choice for the competition 's winner was Romney , but the putatively liberal Edwards , who described preventing Iran from securing nuclear weapons as `` the greatest challenge of our generation , '' made a surprisingly strong showing .
By 2007 , financial companies accounted for more than 40 percent of American corporate profits and almost as great a percentage of pay , up from 10 percent during the Great Prosperity , the three decades after World War II when the middle class expanded and prosperity was widely shared . )
On November 2 , 2011 , the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health held a hearing in which numerous panelists argued that the ObamaCare mandates threaten conscience rights and access to care .
Teen pregnancy , abortion , sexually transmitted diseases , addictions to pornography and its debasing message about women and sex , high school dropouts , depression and suicide : all come in whole or in part from increased teen sexual activity , which has skyrocketed since the popular culture has picked up the village elders ' banner of free love .
And since that rate includes solved murders from prior years , the real odds of someone finding your killer the year you are murdered is very , very low .
The wise and correct course to follow in taxation and all other economic legislation is not to destroy those who have already secured success but to create conditions under which every one will have a better chance to be successful .
Anyone who questions the existence of the plan to create these trade corridors , like anyone who questions the existence of the plan to create the North American Union , needs only to read Corsi 's valuable book and to check out his documentation , much of it available online , to find out the threat is real and imminent .
Democratic Party leaders rejected this proposal , and opted to use available funds for get-out-the-vote campaigns among the existing electorate .68 One can only speculate why the Democrats elected to ignore this approach in 1984 , and thereafter , but the instinct to appeal to business and its resources looms large .
True choice , on the other hand , creates competition and drives away the greedy bastards .
They want medieval sharia law that allows a husband to murder his wife or daughter in an honor killing .
Modern markets confront each capitalist enterprise with the competitive threat that another enterprise will be able to offer an alternative product of higher quality , lower price , or both .
They all include a clause that expands abuse to include `` fear of harm , '' often including even `` emotional harm .
In defending the latest incursion into airlines ' freedom to provide transportation services to their international customers , Jennifer Andreason , of the Environmental Defense Fund ( EDF ) , explained that the recently enacted Aviation Emissions Trading Directive was n't really a tax that penalizes airlines that use more than their `` share '' of carbon credits , but instead it 's a `` cap '' on pollution .
In the opening chapter , Savage speaks of how Americans are angry and a revolution is brewing in the nation , as epitomized by the Tea Party .
Despite the potential savings and regardless of U.S. debt , neoconservatives have led the charge against any defense spending cuts , and reacted angrily to the Paul-Frank proposal .
They argue also that panic selling of U.S. Treasury debt would hurt the U.S. economy , which in turn would mean reduced exports from China to the United States and thus increased unemployment in China . ''
Small disagreements can result in serious ruptures because Constitution Party leaders spend more time focusing on first principles than political strategy .
Whenever a culture drives out religion from the public sphere , they are the ones forced to grow up in a society immersed in perverse values : a world where gangster rappers are heroes , where greed and gluttony are good , where immorality thrives , or is tolerated , or even encouraged .
Those truths , it turns out , include such commonsense notions as `` not killing the goose that lays the golden egg ; not binding down your most creative talent in a regulatory spider 's web ; and not teaching your citizens that they can all live at someone 's expense .
The argument for the benefit from these imports is the same as the argument for the benefit of importing manufactured goods : it allows us to buy these items at lower prices than if we relied on domestic production .
Individualism holds that human beings have inalienable rights to life , liberty , property , and the pursuit of happiness ; that only on the basis of these rights can people have a society of freedom and justice ; and that governments are instituted to secure those rights .
Because Moore , like all of his ideological fellow travelers , fails to diagnose the real problem -- government interference in the free market -- he ends up in alignment with the very forces -- Big Government -- that gave us the Great Recession in the first place .
Americans do n't want Republican wars , but are also chary of massive expansions of the welfare state during the worst economy since the Great Depression .
Contrast the `` gun-free zones '' above with the Salt Lake City shopping mall rescue : an American citizen with a gun in his belt stopped a violent murderer from killing more innocent victims .
Social order does n't depend on parents being forced to give up their children for adoption because of poverty , illness , supposed unfitness , or the brutal policies of a foreign country -- nor on parents giving up their children in advance of birth in sterile , scientific transactions .
Instead of economic deprivation , the modern class wars are about envy : demanding something that someone else has , regardless of how they earned it .
On the opposing side of the argument , John Pierce , the co-founder of OpenCarry.org , argues that it highlights to gun owners in other states freedoms denied to them : `` It does make open-carry very visible .
Citizens flocked to town hall meetings to confront their legislators about a proposed health care plan that threatened to place their health care choices in the hands of the government .
ITEM : `` If nothing else , '' reported the Christian Science Monitor for December 27 , 2005 , `` Washington 's tortured , yearlong budget debate shows that cutting federal spending may be even more difficult today than it used to be ... As defense and entitlement spending has grown , most everything else that the US government does has been squeezed and squeezed again in search of savings .
American economists and business leaders have long argued that the best way to improve low-income families ' standards of living was to make the economy more productive .
Jacob Hornberger , president of The Future of Freedom Foundation , writes that `` public schooling has achieved success in one important area : the creation of a flock of good little citizens who believe that the paternalistic welfare state constitutes freedom and free enterprise .
Here 's how the scheme works : miss the required number of payments , and those nice folks at the Federal Housing Administration will cut your interest rate -- as low as 3 percent !
But the situation is very different when lower interest rates result from the Fed 's creation of new money out of thin air .
But it was Congress itself that had caused health care costs to spiral by removing control over the health care dollar from so many consumers in the 1960s , and thus eliminating any incentive to pay attention to costs when selecting health care .
If greens were truly interested in improving energy resources , they should support viable alternatives -- such as nuclear power , which creates no carbon emissions .
What Jackson fails to recognize here is one of the fundamental truths of economic history : The reason why cultural products and services are taking up such a large portion of economic activity is that we have become so very productive and efficient at making physical stuff .
In reality , skipped payments are a debt on the future , because fiduciary duty will eventually compel the state to make up for a missed payment much the way a bank forces a homeowner to make up for a missed mortgage payment . ''
Since we are a vast , rich , technologically advanced society , there are many other avenues of attack here for creative terrorists ; we have a lot to defend on many levels .
For a while , the greedy bastards in the Chinese government and corporations get rich and keep power .
Virtually nothing is written in this book about Friedman 's heralded work A Monetary History of the United States , co-authored with Anna Schwartz , which countered the Keynesian\/Marxist argument that the Great Depression was caused by defects in the free market .
Despite an interruption in the late 1970s and a temporary reversal in the 1990s , the age of Reagan has marked the longest era of conservative political domination in American history-roughly as long as the period from the rise of the New Deal to the fall of the Great Society .
Thus , it 's hardly surprising the Massachusetts Attorney General 's office recently investigated the healthcare system in the state and concluded that `` the present health care marketplace does not allow employers and consumers to make value-based purchasing decisions .
This means that embryos , fetuses , children , and adults will soon be candidates for testing for a vast range of risks and predispositions : addiction , depression , anxiety , schizophrenia , phobias , paranoia , obsessivecompulsive disease , aggressive behavior , attention deficit disorders , and many other mental impairments .
Unlike their modern successors , these supporters of minimum wage laws were under no illusion about the effects of their proposed policies ; they understood and intended the negative consequences that economists now go to great lengths to argue will be the outcomes of the policies favored by contemporary Progressives .
Always weak in intellectual argument , the left habitually relies on intimidation and slander to impose its increasingly incoherent point of view .
If the courts find that gays do not qualify as a suspect class and do not have a fundamental right to get married , then all the Alliance Defense Fund has to do is show that barring gays from marrying serves some reasonable purpose , which is why both sides are also arguing about what marriage is for .
By increasing the money supply at zero effective cost , central banks encourage government spending and cause interest rates to fall below their natural rate , which induces private investment and a temporary boom .
Frustrated by arguments that progressives ca n't win in conservative or moderate districts , he says the idea that conservative Democrats have an advantage is false .
According to Burgin , the first attempt by the conferees `` produced a list of foundational convictions that assailed the socialist menace , lauded the virtues of the competitive market , and drew connections between economic freedoms and the ` intellectual freedoms ' that totalitarians sought to erode .
Brent Bozell of the Media Research Center reports that the major media first tried to kill the Tea Party movement by ignoring it , but when that did n't work they turned to the familiar smear tactic .
Take , for example , the depression of 1920 , one of which most Americans are unaware , since it was short-lived and solved without government intervention as the government allowed the free market to work itself out .
The terrorist watch list has been a joke in part because numerous agencies used different software and created incompatible systems for identifying suspects .
Pro-abortion forces typically exaggerate the number of abortions performed prior to legalization and paint a dreadful historical picture where millions of desperate women met their demise at the hands of quack abortionists until legalization made the procedure safe .
Even worse , the report claims , ACORN violates the law by using federal money help to elect leftists to local , state , and national office : `` Committee investigators have unearthed documentation that ACORN and its affiliates conducted meticulous research that fed aggressive campaign initiatives designed to elect Democratic candidates in targeted races .
Legislation that fails to recognize the creative power of the individual spirit if it is given the freedom and the economic tools to realize its limitless potential merely creates dependency .
Feminism is to blame for women 's rejection of romantic love because , says Nehring , feminism asks women to be always rational and always in control , rejecting the romantic emotions as sources of low status or even of servitude .
After instituting policies that helped hook Americans on foreign suppliers of oil , the federal government now promises to ease that addiction by subsidizing a product ( ethanol ) that is not economically competitive ; pushes up the prices of many food staples ; may increase pollution ; is not as energy-efficient as gasoline ; and may use more energy to produce than it generates .
All of this -- skyrocketing costs , dumbed-down curricula , a de-emphasis on more traditional fields in favor of professional certification and programs promoting radical social agendas , and top-heavy administration and bureaucracy -- is the consequence of decades-old systemic market distortions created by federal government interference in higher education , especially with subsidized student loans and grants .
Although Al Gore and other warming alarmists assert that only `` flat earth '' believers doubt there is a climate-change `` crisis , '' more and more scientists have been going public to criticize the abuse of science to promote a global political agenda that would have horrendous economic , social , and political costs .
With so many people finding less and less reason to feel the importance of their home , I am sure the void will be tilled by an as-yet-to-be-determined government solution -- one with more dissolution of property rights , because people wo n't put up a fight for something they care little about .
This is true because people in public health programs perceive the care as free , and so they use them prolifically -- for every twinge and ache -- swamping the system .
( When Americans were asked in 2005 , for example , whether they were `` more concerned with the opportunity to make money in the future , or the stability of knowing that your present sources of income are protected , '' 62 percent favored stability and just 29 percent favored opportunity .
`` But if you have an old car with pretty lousy fuel economy , '' he says , `` then you 're better off getting a new car because the emissions from making a new car are really not that big compared to the emissions from using the car .
Thus the Christ of the New Testament healed on the Sabbathin apparent violation of Mosaic law-to illustrate what Bonhoeffer called the Gospel 's `` outrageous demand '' : that Christian ethics move beyond the claim to know and enforce absolute good and evil .
The enforcement-through-state-nullification route builds on the ideas of the Founders and posits that the states , which created the federal government in the first place , can begin re-asserting themselves immediately by virtue of their superior status as the creators of the federal government and by using those powers never delegated to the federal government .
He can work himself up into a tortured , insecure lather about anything : who hates him , did he just say a stupid thing , should he get his teeth fixed .
`` The ` tea ' in Tea Party is often said to stand for ` taxed enough already ' and , while the Tea Partiers in each city tended to be social conservatives for a strong national defense , unquestionably their primary motivation was driven by a sincere concern over the size and scope of the national debt .
Attempting to put a conservative spin on the Massachusetts election outcome , Republican news outlets like Fox have pushed the talking point that the loss of Massachusetts for the Democrats represents a retreat by independent voters from support for Democratic proposals for health care , economic stimulus , bank regulation , and the like .
The disturbing effect of partial-birth abortion on medical personnel , and the guilt it engenders in those who must live with its consequences , are additional state interests that justify the prohibition .
Theories behind such low crime rates range from prior centuries of strict punishment for crimes -- frequent hangings -- to religious devotion to extremely nationalistic English pride and propriety , but they all have one thing in common : cultural morality .
Now , the need to create more ways for Americans to create wealth is not in itself a sufficient reason to change the Social Security system .
It is important to recall that the scale of economic damage that , potentially , could be unleashed by invasive regulation of industry in the name of fighting global warming is predicated on a theory of climate change that many highly credentialed scientists have called into question .
We teach the inmates that no matter how horrible their crime is , if they sincerely repent and turn their lives over to Christ , make amends to their victims , and work at having a different worldview when they are released , they can lead healthy , productive , law-abiding lives .
In a quarter of a century , the carbohydrate economy had virtually disappeared , a victim of remarkably low crude oil prices ( the price dropped to under $ 1 a barrel in the late 1940s ) and rapid advances in making an ever-wider variety of low-cost products from crude oil . ''
During the Socialist Education Campaign of 1964 , following the Great Leap Forward , many local village leaders were charged with petty corruption and misdemeanors , such as eating more than their fair share of food , stealing small amounts of money from the collective purse , and dividing a small amount of grain among themselves during the Great Leap Forward .
The Founders simply took it for granted that a republic relies on informed and virtuous citizens , and that informed and virtuous citizens are created in turn by strong families .
This is just more alarmist , Goebbels-type scare tactics from stormtrooping leftists who hate America and want to destroy our economy and way of life .
The unions are destroying public education and it makes me sick that these are the people who represent teachers who are wonderful , do a good job , and are a vital part of children 's lives .
Buyers would ask whether a car was produced on a Monday or Friday , fearing that either the workers were too exhausted and hungover after the weekends to do a good job or too anxious to leave on Friday to care .
The Natural Law says only God gives freedom and the government can only take it away as a punishment for violating the Natural Law , and then only through due process .
Doing the math , Paul 's plan would eliminate government spending on the Department of Energy , which would save $ 42 billion a year and free up its more than 100,000 employees to work in the private sector , hence producing wealth instead of stunting capital creation .
There he argued : `` God created men free , and bondage was introduced by sin ; therefore , since we are freed from sin by Christ , we should also be freed from bondage .
As Gilder put it , `` A cut in marginal rates , which Kemp-Roth ( the basis for Reagan 's tax cut ) would accomplish , would generate enough new revenue to eliminate the deficit or reduce it to manageable size .
That dynamic will only grow more antagonistic as the oceans become warmer and more acidic because of climate change .
Dr. Ron Paul 's presidential campaign , and his ongoing Campaign for Liberty , as well as the Tea Party movement , the Internet 's alternatives to the controlled , so-called mainstream news -- all of these have opened things up and brought many new , motivated , constitutionally oriented patriots into the process .
Over the last few years we have watched any number of lousy schemes win out , but here , for once , was an idea so breathtakingly bad that not even the Tea Party could make it work .
Commercial banks used to make mortgages and own them for their entire thirty-year term , and thus had a strong financial incentive to try to make sure that the borrowers were credit-worthy and likely to be able to keep up with their mortgage payments .
Needless to say , most hedge funds ( and lots of other businesses ) would jump at the opportunity to have the inside scoop on which businesses will benefit and which will suffer because of the radical changes that are currently being considered for the health care system .
A pro-abortion individual could watch the documentary and conclude that , as Dr. Serdechnaja said , abortion may be `` the lesser evil '' ; someone who is pro-life could point to her expression of truth , that abortion is `` legalized murder .
Unlike the utopians , who build insensate societies based on their own prejudices and fantasies , Locke explored the true nature of man , including his acquisition of knowledge and use of intuition , reason , and sensation .
When a conservative advocates peace through strength and rejects appeasement , he does so based on a worldview that recognizes the existence of good and evil in the world , and on our shared historical experience that the appeasement of tyrants is both immoral and dangerous .
Radical libertarian class analysis maintains the classical liberal focus on the taxing state as the chief enemy , while agreeing with leftists on many particulars of how big businesses -- especially the banking industry and defense contractors -- use the state to line their pockets at the expense of the people .
Creating new money does n't create any new stuff , so lending him newly created money merely allows him to draw more of the economy 's resource pool to himself , at the expense of genuine businesses that cater to real consumer wishes .
In return , He gives us direction , purpose , energy , and genuine and lasting happiness , which means , among other things , we no longer crave the vain reassurances of other troubled souls .
To solve deep economic problems , successive governments of New Zealand set out to eliminate the deficit , lower unemployment , and increase investment by shrinking the public sector , reforming or eliminating expensive programs , privatizing government enterprises , and reforming a burdensome regulatory process that was weakening our economy .
The escape of Rex Rammell 's elk and the unsubstantiated fears the escape engendered among state officials created the perfect opportunity for the state to flex its muscles and assert its dominance over otherwise privately held property .
Deputy National Security Adviser Michael Froman assured Inside U.S. Trade in January that the Obama team would push for `` a high standard labor agreement '' but then suggested that labor protections were not that important because the benefits of free trade to American workers would go far beyond whatever the content of the labor chapter turned out to be . ''
Our arms must be mighty , ready for instant action , so that no potential aggressor may be tempted to risk his own destruction .
He would end foreign aid and abolish five Cabinet departments that never should have been created in the first place ( Energy , Housing , Commerce , Interior , and Education ) ; engineer a 10-percent cut in the federal work force ; and eliminate the Transportation Security Administration and rely on airline companies to assure the safety of their customers without groping them .
Third , a range of public policies helped facilitate this economic mobility and opportunity : a strong minimum wage , grants for low-income students to go to college , generously subsidized state college tuition , a reliable unemployment insurance system , enforcement of the right to join a union , major incentives for homeownership , and a solid safety net for those falling on hard times .
The purchase is stunning in light of the foreknowledge possessed by TSA authorities and their bosses in the Obama administration that the scanners simply will not , in fact can not , detect the weapons whose existence they are using to justify the increase in security and concomitant decrease in personal liberty .
A tax code that is simple , low , fair , and honest means that workers and capitalists , and even Warren Buffett , can spend their time working to put food on the table and , with a little luck and hard work , create wealth and jobs and opportunities outside Washington , D.C. .
The conflict between individual and collective rights rages on , but despite socialism 's historical failures , it remains attractive to those vulnerable to its false promises of egalitarianism and economic equality .
Many economists and many members of the business community argue that recent policy changes have hampered investment , making a bad situation worse .
For this benefit and for more personal reasons , we seek leaders and institutions that reflect the morality of our faith , and we rely on faith to make our free and open society function properly .
Recently , a number of Democratic Party activists have been exposed attempting to stage provocations that would discredit the Tea Party movement or Republican Party opposition .
Ultimately , however , urbane , debonair Keynesianism is no less dangerous to liberty than mobs of ranting revolutionaries -- more so , perhaps , because the threat is less clearly perceived .
A few deranged individuals who kill innocent people in headline-making shooting sprees have created the impression of a gun culture gone wild in the minds of people understandably shocked by the senseless killing .
Yet Paul has retained his old friend 's devotion to Austrian economics and a natural-rights-based libertarianism rooted in the nonaggression principle , the axiom that one must not commit aggression against another 's person or property .
Thus the government that sets about `` creating '' jobs ends up destroying jobs on net , as new jobs are created that cost the equivalent of several salaries apiece .
Two years later , the Massachusetts government , frustrated by citizens ' understandable reluctance to use the rapidly depreciating paper currency , passed laws making it legal tender .
But the creation of that conventional wisdom helps explain the reason that progressive politicians , despite the extraordinary rise in income inequality over the past 30 years , are timid in proposing solutions . ''
That is a serious systemic problem , and a reason why the federal government is unable to cut spending .
An individual will feel compelled to respond favorably to something that promises great personal benefit at low cost or risk .
When the free fall began , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Fed Chair Ben Bemanke argued that the problem with the economy was frozen credit .
In traditional societies , genetic relatives are more likely to live together , work together , protect each other , and adopt each other 's orphaned children , and are less likely to attack , feud with , and kill each other .
On the basis of those models , advocates for keeping inflation low argue for low inflation because it would be good for the economy as a whole .
The offshoring of U.S. jobs , mainly industrial jobs ( 4.9 million since 1994 and the implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement ) , but increasingly including professional jobs as well , has deepened the insecurity felt by working people .
There is nothing inherently conservative about observing these persistent problems or advocating the obvious solutions : more equitable school funding , common standards across schools , external accountability for results , and more school choice to spur competition and give low-income parents the same educational options enjoyed by the rich-most of whose children attend better public schools , not private schools .
This vulnerability creates another problem in that NOCs , who have no diplomatic protection , very often become reluctant to undertake operational activity for fear of blowing their covers .
It is made by Toshiba of Tokyo , and it constitutes a disproportionately large share of the entire manufacturing cost In terms of the iPod 's employment implications , the real winner has not , of course , been California , where Apple 's design department has created negligible employment opportunities .
He claims that since today 's Americans were simply handed the blessings of liberty , they do not understand the sacrifices involved in obtaining it or its value , leading them to give it away for perceived security .
Generators with relatively low costs did not cut prices but earned high profits , which should , in principle , have inspired them to expand capacity .
School education in 1984 made sure that open-minded intelligent rebels could never emerge again .
In the last GOP debate , Rudy Giuliani announced that as president he would wipe porn , sexual predators , and general bawdiness from the Internet He proposed a `` task force between the federal government and state and local governments in order to police ( the Internet ) , to share information , to make sure it is n't being misused , to make sure it 's protected .
In 1977 the congressionally mandated Privacy Protection Study Commission , confronting the problem of identity theft , warned that a national ID and database of personal information would create more problems than they solved .
In other words , the exchange value of the commodities socially necessary for the production and reproduction of labor power for a period of , say , one day or one week is smaller than the exchange value created by the use of that labor power during the same period .
Classical-liberal economists have long criticized such regulations , arguing they are a perfect example of the law of unintended consequences and of the disconnect between intentions and outcomes .
This is a profound violation of the principles of free speech , freedom of religion , and the obligation which our Founders saw for religious leaders to lead -- that is , to speak out forcefully on moral and spiritual aspects of political issues and politicians , and especially from the pulpit .
The effort is broadly persuasive , though weakened by the occasional glaring exceptions ( for example , the expansion of the American social safety net during the Great Depression ) and important caveats ( `` The relationship is not exact ... since economic growth or its absence is hardly the only influence affecting social and political development .
Using his incredible , God-given strength to hold the rapt attention of his audience , Carrier , founder and one-man cast of Mega Force Ministries , easily segues from entertainment into encouragement .
Assuming this trend continues , new model unions could very well displace for-profit corporations as the dominant entities in the economy , thanks to their loyal pools of talent .
Instead of accepting the socialistic credo that man with science and with `` scientific political organization '' no longer needs God but can lift himself by his own bootstraps , intelligent Americans are beginning to realize that a worship of science and of scientific political organization will create a Frankenstein monster capable of destroying the human race .
And because they would I knew that the Modern Liberal would in every case side with the lesser over the better , the wrong over the right and the evil over the good .
Indeed , any action which is not wrongful prior to and independent of government can generally be categorized as malum prohibitum , for only when organized government proscribes certain actions through positive law do these actions then become subject to punishment .
Progressives also could have been demanding redress , marching for jobs , barking at the banks , and thereby attracting millions of supporters , but most were peaceably getting to know the new administration , muting their criticisms of Wall Street , and hoping the stimulus bill would work .
In an internal study , the Pentagon 's Southern Command , responsible for Latin America , cautioned that the rise of state-dominated companies could threaten U.S. access to South American oil ; Venezuela , for instance , is America 's fourth-biggest oil supplier , and president Hugo Chavez could damage the U.S. economy were he to make good on threats to cut off shipments .
That is a terrible crime because it is killing our economy as well as killing some of our best prospects for moving toward energy independence , prosperity , and fuller employment .
Many of the criticisms also continue to blame the free market and demand more government intervention , ignoring the fact that too much government intervention was a primary culprit .
That is why Genesis mentions the creation of male and female only with regard to human beings , not with regard to the creation of the animals , even though , obviously , God also created male and female animals .
Meanwhile , the underfunded Democratic super PAC Priorities USA arguably played the largest role in the presidential contest by defining Romney -- in key battleground states like Ohio -- as an out-of-touch millionaire bent on annihilating the middle class .
For the first time in American history , collective student loan debt has surpassed the credit card debt of the entire nation , even as President Obama federalizes the student loan industry to grant easier access to the crushing student loan debt that threatens to impoverish an entire generation of creative writing and women 's studies majors .
If energy decisions were not left to politicians , special interests , a leftist green movement , and the media , but were instead made by scientists and engineers , most electricity would be generated by nuclear power using breeder reactors providing energy for thousands ( if not millions ) of years .
When the Fed gives new money to the banks and they buy Treasury Securities , they are basically earning free profits in the form of interest on those securities courtesy of American taxpayers , since the government will have to tax citizens to pay back the bonds plus the interest .
However , if you recognized this law as being unjust and contrary to natural law , and if you had the courage to defy the law and suffer the potential consequences , you would use a gun to match the assailant 's use of force and be more likely to successfully defend your family and property .
Alan Lewis 's classic study The Psychology of Taxation concluded that people do n't just pay taxes because they fear the government ; they do it because they consider the burden fairly shared and the monies legitimately spent . ''
Aggressive federal agencies and their environmental extremist clients have , instead , hijacked them , converting them into tools to prevent reasonable land uses and extort money from property owners for the benefit of favored environmental groups and causes .
My parents and grandparents also gave me a healthy exposure to the opportunities and the optimism that come with economic freedom , the type of opportunities that make our country so special , so unique , and so very different from any other in the history of human kind .
So , over the past few years , some national leaders have gone to great lengths to downplay the threat of , or dismiss attempts plainly to identify , the enemy .
In states where Baldwin is not on the ballot , I 'd think about voting for the Libertarian Party 's Bob Barr , who had an excellent immigration record as a Republican congressman and who has not totally capitulated to the culturally illiterate left-libertarianism that now dominates the movement after the tragic demise of Murray Rothbard and paleolibertarianism .
Or worse : It grows because we are spending money to solve problems that growth itself created .
With society so polarized , the party in power can dismiss any criticism as the selfish whining of the privileged and concentrate on the serious business of diverting state resources to its own followers .
The federal government has played a major role in creating a debt-fueled real estate market through tax policy , which allows deduction of house-related interest payments ( a piece of social engineering few of us would abandon ) .
The moderates who spoke at the convention succeeded in driving up support for the president precisely because they focused on the core issues that unite all Republicans : less government , lower taxes , and strong national security .
The Tea Party movement began in earnest as the result of boiling frustration among Americans , triggered by the dramatic expansion of government into their private affairs through bailouts and so-called stimulus plans .
It was the success of the casinos that created this middle class , and it was the failure of the city , through drugs and prostitution , that destroyed or dispersed it .
We encounter -- to name only a few -- a glow-stick wielding Mennonite DJ who throws raves in churches ; an environmentally obsessed freegan indie rocker who eats exclusively from dumpsters and schedules his days around grocery-store disposal patterns ; a pair of creation-science ideologues ; a spiritual horror novelist ; and a man who runs a Christian wrestling association .
Earned success is also what parents experience when their children do wonderful things , what social innovators feel when they change lives , and what artists feel when they create something of beauty .
In the contemptuous attitude of these critics -- along with the ever-mounting abortion toll , and our cultural enthusiasm for aggressive warfare -- is found compelling evidence that the barbarism of our culture of death is competitive with that of the Auca\/Waodanis and desperately in need of the same divine remedy .
Even many Democrats have acknowledged the destructive consequences of the welfare state in helping to create the underclass .
If we would aggressively develop American fossil fuels , we would create abundant and affordable domestic energy supplies , leading to hundreds of thousands of new jobs .
State-run consortiums and legal restrictions hindered the formation of European companies , diminished wealth creation , and suppressed economic dynamism , as the economies were designed to funnel as much state revenue as possible through a few favored hands .
But that is a good thing that they should welcome , since it will mean less paycheck withholding taxes for entitlements and a better chance to retire free from the destitution forced on those who are dependent on entitlement programs .
We promote and defend a State that assures all the conditions for this form of production by supplying credit , raw materials , tools and technology for this model of production and guarantees the process of commercialization of all production through adequate trade centers and at low cost to the working people .
He was n't asking for foreign aid ; he merely hoped to persuade President Carter to call off the economic sanctions and diplomatic pressure being applied by the U.S. State Department , the UN , and Britain in an attempt to force Rhodesia to accept rule by the Mugabe \/ Nkomo terrorist forces .
But `` securing '' echoes both `` Social Security '' and , more distantly , `` securities , '' and its ambiguity ( `` making safe '' versus `` bringing about '' ) evokes both the fear that the program is unsustainable in its present form and the hope that private investment accounts will fix the problem .
At this point , it might be more beneficial for the kinds of arts the NEA has traditionally funded to create a federal agency that spends $ 150 million a year snipping cable hook-ups , sabotaging iPods , and paying modestly talented environmental sculptors not to create .
We want labor-saving , job-destroying technology because it creates value by enabling us to produce things at lower cost and thereby free up labor for more urgent uses .
It has been argued that under conditions of competition the latter demand of the worker would have to be satisfied because employers would bid up the prices paid to the worker for his labor power , with the result that all of the surplus value produced would accrue to the worker himself .
Of course , that creates a problem for the masses who theoretically support themselves by working to produce new things of value to be bought and sold .
She believes in limited government and fiscal responsibility , and has used those principles to fight against five job-killing tax increases and ease the burdens on Montgomery families through local sales tax holidays .
Leaving aside the fact that a rapist on the loose causes more immediate damage to the quality of everyday life than a tax-evader on the loose , the SVP 's proposal is clearly one made with the national interest in mind .
Some parents might argue that placing their children in government schools is acceptable both because they are reaping the rewards of having been taxed for that purpose , and besides , if anything bad is taught to their children , they can correct such false ideas in the home .
We need to maintain the distinction between a pro-capitalist ( good ) and pro-business ( bad ) approach to economic policy if McCloskey 's wealth creators are to remain free , publicly honored , and thus maximally innovative and productive .
In her book , Paterson conceptualized capitalism as an enormous circuit connecting producers and consumers throughout the world , using real money and real profits to generate new efficiencies and larger amounts of energy .
And while these nations have sophisticated security apparatuses , their leaders have allowed enough freedom for the economy to grow-which means it 's too late to brainwash their citizens or to create a personality cult like Kim Jong-Il 's in North Korea .
Of course , the CBO estimate is based on the dubious assumption that the `` renewable '' energies required by the bill will actually replace conventional energy sources and not merely add to our energy costs -- as has been true so far .
In this choice lies not only the difference between being saved and being damned for eternity ; but also the difference between being happy and being miserable on planet Earth .
In their usual display of one-sided bipartisanship , Democrats are railing against the evils of budget deficits that did n't seem to bother anyone when they were being driven up by Republicans but that somehow have become a sign of profligacy when used to pay for unemployment benefits or Medicaid .
We should prioritize environmental sustainability , both in America and across the globe , but we must not allow the Left to exploit the global warming panic in order to degrade our liberties and entwine us in a new , corrupt , international climate change bureaucracy that would undoubtedly be dominated by dictatorships and kleptocratic governments .
Ballooning government spending has caused our national debt to skyrocket from $ 5.7 trillion under Bill Clinton to $ 9.4 trillion under Bush , and the Fed has artificially lowered interest rates and created money out of thin air to bankroll the debt , resulting in malinvestments and skyrocketing prices .
That statement was groundbreaking , since liberal collectivists had argued the opposite for years and used this argument to support their gun-banning laws as 100 percent constitutional .
Yes , Clives Staples Lewis , the eminent and erudite professor of Medieval and Renaissance Literature at Cambridge University , believed not only in God , but in the literal existence of an evil spirit known as the devil , who is very much at work in the world , luring souls into the abyss of hell and eternal damnation .
The choices offered might not always be perfect , or the candidates ideal , but to the extent that our politics is trending away from the status quo and toward more honesty and responsibility in government , the Tea Party will understandably and justifiably support outsider candidates , however unconventional they may be .
As for the alleged climate change benefits , some researchers argue that the pressure to produce ethanol causes farmers in developing countries to chop down forests .
In a sad twist of irony , not only did Pitts lose money because of the manipulations , but both he and his descendants will be expected to bankroll the actions that decimated his investment portfolio via higher taxes and higher prices , the latter caused by the Fed expansion of the money supply .
`` I guess if you 're trustworthy , loyal , helpful , friendly , courteous , kind , obedient , cheerful , thrifty , brave , clean , and reverent , there appears to be little room for you in the California Democratic Party , '' he said in a written statement .
Above all , Tea Partiers are outraged , conservative , free-market populists who protested the stimulus bill , the budget , and the financial bailout .
But the drought was not the only thing contributing to the rising food costs : Government intervention in the marketplace to promote the use of corn-based ethanol while boosting sales for the corn growers has made things worse for livestock producers who depend on corn to feed their herds .
Writes Botkin in the Wall Street Journal for October 17 : `` Some colleagues who share some of my doubts argue that the only way to get our society to change is to frighten people with the possibility of a catastrophe , and that therefore it is all right and even necessary for scientists to exaggerate .
Unless we radically turn things around , stop our fiscal bleeding , implement policies to grow the economy and restructure entitlements , halt the systematic gutting of our military and national defenses , and stop attacks on our culture , our social fabric , and our religious liberties , America will indeed cease to be a shining city on a hill .
The fact that fights broke out over the aid packages and that scores of people were killed when the drops fell on their heads or into minefields did not bother Kouchner .
But unfortunately our welfare system has created monetary incentives to avoid marriage and to have more out-of-wedlock children in order to get bigger welfare benefits .
Millions of Americans perceived abortion as the poisoned tip of a dagger that threatened everything they held dear .
Faux was a prime mover on the losing side , and here he details the struggle and exacts a measure of revenge , well-earned with a decade 's hindsight , on those who advanced the cause of NAFTA behind dishonest arguments , especially relating to the large-scale creation of American jobs .
Born in 1922 during the age of hyperinflation in Germany , during his formative years he lived through the Great Depression and the rise of Adolf Hitler , making him a witness to the damages caused by state intervention in the economy and to the dangers of totalitarian ideologies .
J.P. Freire , the Washington Examiner editor instrumental in organizing the D.C. protest , thinks that as long as the Tea Party stays decentralized , and even battling among various factions , it can do some good on the state level .
Even if we assume that welfare can be reformed and rates of illegitimacy brought down to levels that do not threaten the stability of the social order , the extremely unpleasant fact remains that , for some years ahead , we are in for high , and probably ever increasing , levels of violent crime .
But a depraved killer or two , even when armed with automatic or semi-automatic weapons , may kill a dozen or more people at a school , shopping mall , or movie theater before being killed or captured .
His argument that he pays a lower tax rate than all his employees because of low dividends tax rates ignores the fact that our tax code already double-taxes such capital income .
We have assigned pluses to the `` nays '' because such trade agreements damage the U.S. economy and threaten U.S. sovereignty by the imposition of international regulations .
They say that , despite the claims of its representatives that corporate agriculture is best at feeding the world , the creation of global production chains and global supermarkets , driven by the search for monopoly profits , has been accompanied by greater hunger , worse food , and greater agriculture-related environmental destabilization all around than at any other time in history .
`` I grew up at a time when people learned how to use their temper , not lose their temper , '' Stevens told another interviewer in 2003 .
These types of policies encourage U.S. workers to believe that the root cause of existing problems lies not in the functioning of the U.S. economic system , or capitalism more generally , but rather in the behavior of a foreign government .
The behavior of the consumers makes profits and losses appear and thereby shifts ownership of the means of production from the hands of the less efficient into those of the more efficient .
That was n't legitimate insurance , where participants have a contract , they pay premiums based on their life expectancy , the premiums are used to make productive investments that will cover the benefits , and the participants and their heirs have a property right to receive benefits that have been paid for .
Should the technology be developed , a terrorist cell could conceivably create billions of nanorobots designed to do anything from destroying infrastructure to exterminating populations -- though in practice such a feat would be exceedingly difficult , just as it is now extremely difficult for nonstate actors to build an atomic bomb .
But even the best teachers face impossible tasks when confronted with classrooms filled with truly disadvantaged students who are not in tracked special-progress classes and do n't arrive each morning from families as academically supportive as mine . ''
If that criticism was taken more seriously than the elders intended , the logical ( or emotional ) conclusions that followed went well beyond moderate liberalism .
A confluence of many factors was responsible for this establishment rout at CPAC , but chief among them has been the widespread disgust and anger over the onrushing financial calamity that threatens to completely annihilate our economic system .
Social Security : Dr. Paul argues that excessive government spending and the plundering of the temporary payroll tax surplus to finance it have created an insolvency crisis in Social Security and that the proposed solutions , ranging from lower benefits to higher payroll taxes to increasing the age of eligibility , are not solutions .
In every crisis , society is suffocated beneath the weight of its own productive forces and products , which it can not use , and stands helpless , face-to-face with the absurd contradiction that the producers have nothing to consume , because consumers are wanting .
The conservatism I grew up around was a combination of lower taxes , less government spending , freer trade , freer markets , individual liberty , personal responsibility , and a strong anticommunist foreign policy .
Aside from the fact that many parents simply will not bother with it , the V chip will likely lead to even more degrading programming by providing producers with the excuse that the chip adequately safeguards children , though it does not . ''
Even assuming low growth and high inequality , we could close two-thirds of the projected shortfall by earmarking a reduced estate tax for Social security and investing a portion of the Social Security trust funds in equities rather than U.S. Treasury bonds .
In fact , some have argued that Medicare not only ca n't handle added benefits , but must essentially be destroyed in order to save it : Only some form of privatization , conservatives say , will prevent this foolhardy entitlement program from going bankrupt .
Venture capitalism is always risky , but its rewards translate not into mere ballot-box victories for one party or another , but a change for the better in the climate that influences policy at every stratum , no matter who the president is .
High on the list of the latter would have to include the elimination of tax deductions for health care and pension contributions by workers , virtually ending the mortgage interest and state income tax deductions , new taxation on Medicare benefits , and ending most of the earned income tax deduction for the working poor .
Foreign aid , however pure the intentions that may have motivated it , has been a reactionary device by which truly loathsome leaders have been strengthened and kept in power . ''
According to its leaders , as well as its many advocates in the press , academe , and the United Nations , Hezbollah ( in Arabic , the Party of God -- sometimes spelled Hizbullah or Hizb ` Allah ) is not a terrorist group at all , but instead a social welfare , charitable organization , providing food , schooling , and medical care to the poor and downtrodden .
One need not back a perfect candidate in order to help restore the freedoms and economic prosperity of American citizenry , but when deciding whom to vote for it should be kept in mind that the `` lesser of two evils '' is still `` evil .
But researcher David B. Kopel pointed out in a 1993 article for the Asia Pacific Law Review , entitled `` Japanese Gun Control , '' that `` more than gun control , more than the lack of criminal procedure safeguards , more than the authority of the police , it is the pervasive social controls that best explain the low crime rate .
State legislatures worry that there is no indication as to how much the act will cost , who will pay for it , and whether or not it would actually make people safer from terrorist threats .
The feminists have not only done harm to the intellectual function of universities and schools , they have made campuses extremely unpleasant , especially for white males , who are subject to harassment and demands that they toe the feminist cultural and political line .
Sure , it contributes to global warming , but ( except for nuclear power , which the environmentalists still say is evil ) there is no reliable way to produce energy without emitting CO2 .
These attacks went well beyond the usual claim that religion is a comforting , harmless delusion in which the weak or the intellectually deficient choose to take refuge .
He is the agitator who has deliberately created an environment of panic and hysteria in order to rush through extraordinarily overreaching legislation that is designed to control every aspect of our lives .
Surely , many important political ideas begin with compassion for the suffering of a child and fury at the adult who caused it .
They improperly exaggerate the contradiction between humankind and nature in capitalist society by replacing the basic contradiction of capitalism with the contradiction between humanity and nature .
Adaptation has played a large role in the international discussion , but Victor argues that the climate community is unduly focused on the creation of a large adaptation fund for vulnerable developing countries .
In his analyses over the years , Lott includes costs and benefits in his arguments , to show that there are often unstated or ignored consequences of mandating , for example , trigger locks or restrictions on carrying weapons .
If you throw in free medical care and free schooling paid for by American citizens who still have jobs or are trying to run small businesses , you have a voter base of fifteen to twenty million illegal aliens , along with about the same number of out-of-work Americans who depend on unemployment and welfare to get by .
It should hardly be a surprise , said Taylor , that `` state legislatures are stepping in to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not spent in a manner that turns an important and ongoing scientific debate into a propaganda assault on impressionable students .
Our immigration problem is a consequence of the welfare state , which effectively subsidizes illegal immigration via free medical care and free public education .
But in the earlier phase of capitalist development it could legitimately be assumed that these wants coincided to a large extent with genuine human needs , and that the capitalist mode of satisfying them , all its inadequacy and cruelty notwithstanding , was a great improvement over preceding social organizations in which these needs remained so largely unattended to .
Everyone in the Democratic Party , then , is convinced that he or she is a victim , and every one of them agrees on who their victimizers are : the men and women of God and science who do things and make things .
And the reason the dollar does not buy as much as it used to is because the Federal Reserve System ( along with the U.S. Treasury Department ) is inundating our economy with newly created dollars .
Well , we all know how the storybook marriage ended in tears , and how the wicked old mistress Camilla landed her dumbo-eared prince and lived happily ever after .
The preservation of individual liberty requires that individuals understand what it is , how it is under attack , and how to defend it .
But the U.S. price controls on crude oil , imposed as part of President Nixon 's New Economic Plan in 1971 , had a dampening effect on the production of domestic oil .
Replacing the free market system with Fedzilla health care will gobble up and waste your tax dollars and not provide you any better or more efficient care .
Drawing on ideas from Christian theology and Greek philosophy , the Western world slowly developed a highly sophisticated system of property law and titling that , without intention , resulted in a system that protects property rights , reinforces our other rights , and encourages widespread wealth creation .
Gold is a very good commodity to use for money because ( among other reasons ) it is very scarce , making it impossible for governments or central bankers to manipulate its supply .
To make America a better , more decent , more civil place , to become a nation that once again puts its faith not in laws and man , not in the big government solutions , but in the freedom and responsibility of liberty safeguarded by morality , we need to make God first in our lives .
Taken together , the stories illustrate that it is futile to imagine that criminals will not obtain and use weapons to kill simply because weapons become outlawed , that an unarmed populace has little chance to subdue armed criminals , and that death tolls inevitably rise if criminals who are intent on harm are not stopped immediately .
The club aims to provide gun training as a way of `` protection for ourselves , our families and our homes , '' and also to educate the community that `` gun control is not in our best interest '' and that gun control `` has a history of racism , '' referring to the fact that gun control laws have been used to disarm blacks .
House Republicans should elect him majority leader , Boehner wrote , because he believes that '' ( w ) e need to constantly earn the trust of our constituents : They need to feel that they can trust us to produce policies that will respond fairly to their needs , respect their values , and offer greater opportuni-ties for reaching their own dreams .
Bitchy putdowns and cutting sarcasm are increasingly setting the tempo of mainstream commentary -- a cultural milieu primed to make the ever more trivial faux pas ever more devastating .
Government policies towards industry for the past 30 years have been based on the notion of private property as the essential condition for economic creativity and wealth creation .
The party establishment was forced to accept the grassroots ' verdict because polls showed that unlike some other Tea Party candidates , Rand Paul could win .
It takes confidence in your values to punish for crime , and yet punishment rates in the United States and all of the Western world have declined even as crime rates soared .
We see that children generally prosper best with a mother and a father , that the male body fits with the female body , that sex outside of marriage causes problems , that gluttony leads to obesity , and promiscuity to venereal disease .3 In these and thousands of other ways , we learn the basic contours of the natural law .
Forced to meet the draconian targets set by Greece 's lenders in a display of self-defeating deficit-cutting fetishism , it has failed to crack down on the true sources of waste by closing down useless agencies and tackling overspending , especially in health care .
( This is all the more possible because while many Republican leaders are bending over backward to reach out to Tea Party groups , they are actively ignoring people of faith .
Case and point : the EPA worked with the Natural Resources Defense Council in 1988 to coordinate the false scare of Mar poisoning of apples .
Since its inception , Via has created a politicized `` peasant '' identity linked to land and food production and building opposition to the current model of agribusiness and in defense of food sovereignty .