(2024 sloc)  489 KB
  
Forcing middle-class workers to bear a greater share of the cost of government weakens their support for needed investments and stirs resentment toward those who depend on public services the most .
Because it would not be worthwhile to bring a case for $ 30.22 , the arbitration clause would , as a practical matter , deny the Concepcions any relief and , more important , eliminate a class action that might punish AT&T for its pattern of fraudulent behavior .
Indeed , Lind argues that high profits and high wages reinforce each other because workers then have the wherewithal to buy the products they are making .
In fairness , it should be noted that he devotes an entire chapter to New York Times political columnist Maureen Dowd , a liberal who makes much of the outsized rivalries , jealousies , and personalities that dominate American politics .
Psychological tactics are social control techniques that operate at the level of the mind , with the goal of creating fear and making it difficult for protesters to successfully mobilize .
The uncontrolled profit motive is destroying health and increasing medical costs dramatically as it poisons its customers with adulterated and unhealthy foods .
Organizations representing the religious right have loyally rallied their members to support the conservative agenda , often using some deft intellectual gymnastics to justify their support .
A market based on greed and fear has tugged on some of the worst things in us , and we are now paying the consequences .
THE CONSERVATIVE MOVEMENT IS ROOTED IN A COHERent , easy-to-summarize ideology : Government does n't work , except to protect you from terrorists ; you deserve to keep more of your own money ; cherished American family values , including national security , are under assault from liberals .
By eliminating the private insurer , you could save between $ 350 billion and $ 400 billion a year in administrative costs .21 If everyone was covered by the health care system , costs would be easier to control , and incentives could prompt health care providers to compete on price and quality .
The additional schooling foisted upon one group by this arbitrary state of affairs produced a scaled-down version of our experiment , allowing Angrist and Krueger to conclude that education did , in fact , help people earn more money .
If the government will do its job and prevent the flood of illegal immigration , and we will all help assure that immigrants become productive and loyal citizens , most Americans should come to see the value of immigration and view immigrants as valuable consumers and important creators of wealth .
The rich countries that are primarily responsible for climate change , led by the U.S. , with Russia and Japan , are to blame for the lack of desperately needed greater ambition .
These people said to us : Well , if you just would do away with Glass-Steagall , if you will just allow financial institutions , commercial banks , investment banks , insurance companies , if you allow them to merge , do away with these walls which Glass-Steagall , since the Great Depression , established , my God , it will be just terrific .
Inevitably this forced them to cut some $ 270 billion out of the Medicare budget over a five-year span in order to finance a tax cut of roughly equal size .
Hostility to taxes and open redistribution reflects a moral belief about what makes the country great , one that may fit awkwardly with Bush 's language of compassion and opportunity , but which is openly hostile to a progressive picture of shared economic sacrifice .
I THINK the central idea in Marxism is of course one of contradiction , that the capitalist system is seen in its very foundation as containing a series of contradictions that clash with each other and therefore produce a society always founded on tensions of various sorts .
Baucus had played a key role in helping George W. Bush enact tax cuts for the wealthy , and he took pride in his good relations with conservative Republicans , especially Iowa senator Chuck Grassley and Wyoming senator Mike Enzi .
We are not going to let working families who are suffering hard times because , through no fault of their own , they have lost their jobs , we are not going to let them lose their homes or not enable them to feed their families .
Johnston shows why lowincome people using the earned income tax credit are far more likely to be audited than rich people using baroque tax shelters .
Del Vecchio 's words manifest not merely an ethos of marketing , but politics made argumentative and simplistic ; ideology focused on narcissism and interest ; tele-religion and commercialized revivalism offering shallow solutions to deep problems-all deployed on behalf of a declining global economy unable to sell the poor what they need but laying desperately to sell the prosperous what they do n't need .
Medical workers and other scientists should better use the media to confront abuses of science by corporations and governments and to better educate the public regarding the pernicious effects of corporations on public health .
Besides acidification , there are serious effects on fundamental biological productivity , since warming surface layers makes them circulate less with cooler , lower waters , thus increasing ocean `` stratification .
One reason is that the Keynesian intellectual basis for the stimulus is harder to explain than the intuitive ( but wrong ) gut reaction that when times are tight , the government should tighten its belt , too .
It is possible to create a high-functioning universal health care system without creating a public insurance option .
The drying up and contamination of freshwater diminishes public wealth , creating investment opportunities for capital , while profits made from selling increasingly scarce water are recorded as contributions to income and riches .
` Yes , we are going to balance the budget in seven years , save the Medicare trust fund , and cut billions of dollars from federal programs , ' the accountants say , but they offer nothing to fulfill the public longing to live in a better nation , one in which compassion and community are at least as important as economic efficiency .
Two brass rings now seem within reach of today 's `` compassionate conservatives '' : ( 1 ) control of the judiciary , which often frustrates the Right by upholding antidiscrimination laws and protecting the separation of church and state , and ( 2 ) capping damage awards in the courtroom through so-called tort reform .
It is our contention that most of the critical environmental problems we have are either caused , or made much worse , by the workings of our economic system .
The crisis demonstrated how wrong their views about the labor market were : the United States , with allegedly the most flexible labor market , performed far worse than countries with stronger labor protections ( like Sweden and Germany ) .40 And the reason is obvious : cuts in wages reduce total demand and deepen the downturn .
he revisited the Great Depression , especially the secondary depression that began in 1937 , when Franklin Roosevelt raised taxes and cut spending and the Federal Reserve ( again ) contracted the money supply .
Because what America should be striving for is n't energy independence , but energy security -- that is , access to energy sources that are reliable and reasonably affordable , that can be deployed quickly and easily , yet are also safe and politically and environmentally sustainable .
Rather than cut taxes on the rich in order to generate more financial capital , we need to use those tax revenues instead to improve the productivity of all Americans .
But they can take at least some comfort in looking overseas-where one tiny country has managed to build a popular and successful universal health care program based entirely on private insurance .
As his job approval ratings dropped in 2005 , White House aides peddled the idea that , rather than being a caretaker president , Bush is a revolutionary leader who suffers low ratings only because he is unafraid to fight for radical ideas like private Social Security accounts or sweeping tax changes .
And because they are so easy to count , arrests have come to outweigh more important but harder-to-quantify variables such as crimes prevented , fights mitigated , or public fears assuaged .
Business lobbies , for example , have learned to support the conservative agenda even when it is irrelevant to their own interests , for they realize that with conservatives in power , they will be fighting over spoils with winners , rather than over recriminations with losers .
Modern research is beginning strongly to suggest that a growing gap between the top and bottom of the income and wealth distributions causes , in and of itself , a host of problems , similar to those we are almost certain are caused by rising unemployment .
That many economists before 1930 developed anti-laissez-faire arguments and supported Progressive causes may surprise those who think that professional economists have almost always favored leaving the market free , or at least did so before Keynes .
Committee investigators have established that a violation of corporate duties led to gross abuses of tax laws and other federal regulations .
Workers would have a far better chance of improving their earnings if they were better educated before they entered the workforce , and if education and training were complemented by other labormarket interventions such as higher minimum wages , stronger unions , and a national strategy of creating good jobs .
Even a weak version of the public option had the potential to achieve universal coverage , and a strong version would have attracted millions of middle-class Americans who would have happily dumped their policies containing high deductibles and health exclusions .
Unions need to continue to lead the way in building productive labor-management partnerships that create value and then share the gains , as they have done over the years with progressive employers in health care , communications , manufacturing , utilities , and other industries .
Hedge funds are free from the disclosures required of ordinary investment companies , thanks to a loophole that exempts narrowly-held funds that serve very wealthy people , no matter how large the fund or how risky its strategies .
In it , he argues that some of America 's richest people-with the active encouragement of many of our political leaders-have successfully schemed to avoid much or most of the taxes they 're supposed to pay .
In South Korea , once `` one of the most rigid patriarchal societies in the world , '' where women used to be abused for failing to produce a male heir , she tracks a new crop of women , Gold Misses , who are educated , working in prestigious jobs , and decidedly single well into their thirties .
Instead , the Chamber said that the Democrats had created `` uncertainty , '' causing banks to be `` reluctant '' to lend and American corporations afraid to invest .
When the Republican Senate leadership unveiled rules changes to make it effectively impossible for Democrats to block extremist judicial nominees with a filibuster , the Democratic leadership threatened to use parliamentary tactics to shut the place down .
However , the deduction is an inefficient mechanism for helping low - and middle - income people buy homes because it is worth less to families in lower income brackets , many of whom do not even itemize their deductions .
From the `` culture of greed , '' as Kevin Phillips put it , and the obscene rich\/poor gap to unilateralism and a deadly and costly war , family and community disintegration , immoral business and political practices , and economic collapse , sources of self-respect and respect in the world are hard to find .
Beset by criticism from both parties ( if enjoying some disturbingly positive remarks from Rudy Giuliani and the Wall Street Journal ) , Obama has held his ground , arguing that he represents `` change .
As Burgin writes , `` economists who supported free markets were not so eager as in former years ... to validate certain modes of government intervention and to emphasize the need for philosophical justifications for free markets that extended beyond the material abundance they ostensibly produced .
Also , carriers must allow law enforcement to take the weapon during communication between officers and the concealed carry holders , and permits would still be required to carry weapons in establishments that serve alcohol .
For a half-century , polluting companies had successfully staved off government regulation , lawsuits , and critical scientific analyses ; the Manufacturing Chemists Association even claimed at the time that air pollution was `` not a serious or critical menace to public health . )
For a start , it seemed to indicate that even George W. Bush , who once had a realistic grasp of what another Middle East peace process could not do , has changed his mind -- and worse , decided that peace between Israel and the Palestinians holds a key to the mitigation of the extreme dangers that now bedevil the entire region .
The men and institutions at the top of the monetary pyramid , the movers and shakers who control financial institutions deemed too large or too well-connected to be allowed to fail ( because they are critical to the operations of the Federal Reserve and other central banks ) , are as well-to-do and powerful as ever .
Apart from the legal rights , the fact that lesbian women and gay men invent commitment ceremonies suggests that some want the intangible benefits of a public wedding : the joyous celebration , the approving social notice , the community 's support for their loving sharing of past , present , and future-and sometimes the sanctification of a religious ceremony .
But when politicians bring their religious convictions to bear on whether they favor limiting research into stem cells or support public assistance to faith-based charities , we ought to respect them for elevating the seriousness of our public conversation even if we disagree with the positions they take .
Copenhagen will be critical to the success or failure of establishing a practical , binding global plan of action before human-caused climate change reaches the point of no return , creating a cascade of catastrophes .
Or worse , they hold the view -- inherited from poststructuralists or the cultural Marxists of the Frankfurt School -- that pop culture is actively deceptive , giving people a false sense of satisfaction while `` producing forms of debased entertainment to numb the American people into submission to their capitalist masters .
HEAD START WAS NEVER INTENDED TO BE PRIMARILY an academic program , but one that prepares low-income children for school by developing their health and their social , emotional , and physical skills , as well as math and reading readiness .
It is easy to imagine con-sumer-friendly disclosure of the central features of a variety of credit card and mortgage agreements , allowing people to make informed comparisons and to choose the plan that is best for them .
She seems pleased that there are a large number of fatherless families today because , contradicting all the social science evidence , she thinks males raised without fathers will treat women better .
Walker has played on the public 's suppressed class consciousness , blaming public-sector employees for the economic hell created by the ruling class : `` We can no longer live in a society where the public employees are the haves and taxpayers who foot the bills are the have-nots '' ( NYT , `` Strained States Turning to Laws to Curb Labor Unions , '' 1\/3\/11 ) .
The very subordination of workers , combined with the market mechanism that ratifies and reinforces it , means that capitalist societies will display ineradicable inequalities in variables of great importance : wealth , income , schooling , health care , housing , child care , and so forth .
Strategic public investments in research , education , and new-economy infrastructure like broadband and smart highways , as well as energy independence , are essential to sustaining a culture of innovation and strong institutional supports for technological change .
But though weapons of mass destruction are getting easier to produce , they are still not easy to produce in some mountain hideout on the Pakistan border .
So it is pretty clear to me how this jeopardizes Social Security , how it jeopardizes Medicare , how it will force more cuts and more pressure on those programs that have lifted so many people into the middle class .
Congress and the media should start to examine and discuss the real reasons for this stubborn rejection of diplomacy , which is rooted in the administration 's aggressive political-military aims toward Iran and the broader Middle East .
A budget crisis created by tax cuts makes it seemingly unthinkable to spend the kind of money necessary to make serious headway on renewable energy .
And yet , to avoid raising taxes on the richest people ever born , the political elite are perfectly happy to throw these everyday heroes and heroines out of work , in massive numbers .
`` I am going to win by offering a real progressive alternative and calling out in no uncertain terms why Goode and Bush make America less safe , make our jobs less secure , and simply do n't get the world we live in , '' Perriello wrote .
But the major U.S. manufacturers are afraid to file complaints against them ( for violating trade laws , because they do n't want to antagonize China and lose access to its markets ) .
For many low-wage workers , the toughest obstacle to long-term success is unreliable or inadequate child care .
According to the NYCLU , `` The New York City Police Department , spurred by the promise of $ 9 million in Federal Homeland Security grants and up to $ 81.5 million in federal counter-terrorism funding , announced this year that it plans to create ' a citywide system of closed-circuit televisions ' operated from a single control center .
Even with polls confirming that popular support for overturning the Supreme Court 's ruling was weak , Queers Without Borders , Gay & Lesbian Advocates and Defenders , and Planned Parenthood of Connecticut all supported a `` no '' vote for the constitutional convention and argued against direct initiative .
America created that virtuous cycle in which an ever-growing middle class had the ability to consume more goods and services , which created more and better jobs , thereby stoking demand .
Sometimes , he was a dirt-poor witness to injustice , skeptical with good reason to be skeptical .
If either of these freedoms is violated , the consequences are very grave not only for the individual voter and contributor , but for the society whose free political processes depend on a wide distribution of political power .
In response to the setbacks of 2007 , immigrants mobilized again , resulting in 2 million new Hispanic voters in 2008 and a clear repudiation of those who used prejudice for political gain , with 20 of 22 congressional candidates in swing districts opposing immigrants going down to defeat against pro-immigrant candidates .
THE OLD LIBEBALISM GOT AMERICA OUT OF DEPRESSION , won the war against fascism , built the middle class , created global alliances , and made education and health care far closer to universal than they had ever been .
Liberals can appeal to Americans ' fear about falling behind in terms of education and nurture a culture that respects learning-that lashes back at attacks made on teachers or that characterizes thoughtfulness and reflection as indecisiveness ( a theme of the 2004 presidential campaign ) .
Most Republicans , on the other hand , are happy to raise the national debt in order to cut taxes , either do n't believe in global climate change or do n't want to do anything serious to stop it , oppose any plan that could provide health care for all Americans , and think the American Dream is thriving .
We have assigned pluses to the `` nays '' because Social Security numbers were not intended to be used and should not be used as the basis for a national ID database .
Unions that had won bargaining and political power on the national level were confronted by employers not compelled to observe their nation 's laws on wages , hours , and worker safety when they hired abroad - weakening labor influence at home .
Philosophers do not end in total skepticism , but only because they unknowingly smuggle in their favorite beliefs from the prejudices of custom , passing them off as the work of a pure , neutral reason .
I hope it is evident that I am constructing a sort of inverted pyramid of economic policy : give individuals and families the capacity to build wealth , and then create communities that can be breeding grounds for opportunity and wealth creation .
Abstract : For years , feminists have been warning that , underneath all the attacks on women 's reproductive rights - the multiplying restrictions on abortion , the attempts to defund Planned Parenthood 's health services , the `` conscience clauses '' that let pharmacists choose which pills they 'll dispense - lies a determined opposition to contraception and to women 's independence generally .
In Boulder , Colorado , utility Xcel Energy is building a pilot smart grid , in which electricity prices freely fluctuate every few minutes and homeowners can use Internet apps to adjust energy use accordingly-shutting off appliances during periods of peak demand , or programming their plug-in hybrids to charge when electricity is cheap .
Three years ago , Ian Buruma published Murder in Amsterdam : The Death of Theo Van Gogh and the Limits of Tolerance , an analysis of the shocking public slaying by an Islamist extremist of a Dutch filmmaker who , working with Ayaan Hirsi Ali , self-declared atheist and fugitive from Islam , had provocatively attacked Muslim attitudes toward women .
The banks profit from the steep yield curve by borrowing money from the government at almost zero interest , or taking deposits at pathetically low rates , and recycling them by buying government debt in the form of treasury bonds at three and a half or four percent , with minimal risk .
Another danger looms larger : that effective , active government -- government that innovates , that protects people who need protecting , that acts aggressively when action is needed -- is dying .
When eyewitnesses are confronted by a stressful situation - as a victim of rape , for example , or as a witness to a crime that involves a gun - the odds of a correct identification are no better than flipping a coin .
None of them challenged Russert 's premise that Social security faces so dire a prognosis that only a big tax increase or cut in benefits can solve the problem .
It is both a political and an economic fact that if we want to win the fight on climate change , we have to do it in a way that also builds a stronger economy and more opportunity for workers .
Even as heavyweights like ExxonMobil busily denied that climate change existed -- and lobbied hard to kill climate policies -- BP vowed to cut its own C ( O.sub .2 ) emissions and invest heavily in solar , wind , and other alternative technologies ; it even supported that oil-industry bogeyman , the Kyoto climate treaty .
It is not healthy , but for the greedy bastards it is profitable .
The easy credit , Alexander argues , `` funds criminal conduct , bird-dogging , and provides incentives for the overpricing of vehicles for massive profit to dealers .
President Obama is a gifted rhetorician who will argue as he must given widespread anger and economic insecurity that he is the people 's champion against the entrenched status quo of banks , large corporations , and their phalanx of lobbyists .
Feminists have cooperated in creating the problem by establishing no-fault divorce , and , in their celebration of female autonomy , can hardly agree to make divorce difficult once more .
They would reach the young women who are balancing child rearing , low-wage jobs , and community college classes-a group for whom the anger , frustration , and hopelessness of trying to be a good parent in this go-it-alone society certainly might rise as they scramble to finish their history assignments in the dead of night .
A wonkier version of the reform-equals-rationing argument is based less on panic mongering about Obama 's secret euthanasia schemes and more on the implications of something called `` comparative effectiveness research .
Because it would not be worthwhile to bring a case for $ 30.22 , the arbitration clause would , as a practical matter , deny the Concepcions any relief and , more important , eliminate a class action that might punish AT&T for its pattern of fraudulent behavior .
By this standard , it 's fair to conclude that President Bush over the last three years has failed to cope effectively with America 's core economic problem : 2 million lost jobs and the severing of the usual link between gross domestic product growth and job growth .
( ... ) laws designed to bring American corporations more directly under the control of financiers encouraged corporate managers to focus more on making money and less on making quality goods .
The BLM contends gatherings are necessary to save horses that are dying because their habitats lack food and water , a problem caused by overpopulation and possibly aggravated by climate change .
She argued for the benefits of foot traffic made easier by small blocks , and noted that `` a well-used street is apt to be a safe street .
Studies have shown that if the United States were to make a meaningful investment in clean energy and efficiency , 40 million new jobs could be created by 2030 , making one in five jobs in the country some shade of green .
Unchecked global warming will likely produce a lot of human misery around the world , but not all of that misery will create military threats .
Bad behavior and poor skills have little negative economic impact on those born into wealth ; they stay rich regardless , just as most born into the lower and working classes remain there regardless of how hard , honestly , and skillfully they toil .
Of all that Americans discard , plastic seems to hold a special place in the heart of the trash conscious , perhaps because it 's mysterious in origin , toxic to produce , hard to repair , and more often down-cycled -- into goods like carpets or fleece jackets that are eventually destined for the dump -- than transformed into products that can be recycled again .
The problems with the national party that make Warner 's sure victory over Gilmore so dramatic -- the unpopularity of the war , dissatisfaction with the economy , and gas prices -- affect every contested Senate race .
When Patrick 's opponents ( from both parties ) challenged him to back a tax cut , using the slogan `` It 's their money , '' Patrick responded , `` Yes , but it 's also their broken neighborhoods and their broken neighbors .
This will help us create incentives to develop new energy that will make us less dependent on oil that endangers our security , our economy , and our planet .
Even the more interventionist neoconservatives have focused on state threats to U.S. primacy , not global economic and social forces -- sometimes to their peril , since , even after September 11 , some hawks in the administration were trying to shift the focus from a nonstate threat , Al Qaeda , to a state threat , Iraq .
Abstract : Johnston shows why lowincome people using the earned income tax credit are far more likely to be audited than rich people using baroque tax shelters .
Carney points out how the media treat nefarious partnerships between large corporations and government regulators as a surprise or as `` proof that the case for reform is overwhelming , '' when in fact cooperation is routine and often involves easily discernible financial interests .
The problem is that private insurers have every opportunity to game the system : By skimming off the youngest , healthiest patients and leaving the rest for the government to cover , they drive down their own costs and make the public option look outrageously expensive by comparison .
Many of these younger-culture descendants still argue that the creation of humans marked the creation of all things , and even today they fight to insert such teachings into public schools .
Professional women like Jane often lose benefits and opportunities when they reduce hours , but workers at Wal-Mart and many other places see their hours cut or capped without their consent , and any health and pension benefits disappear altogether .
Dressed in purple and fine linen and `` feasting sumptuously every day , '' the rich man has found a way to ignore and step over a poor beggar who lies just outside his gate and might as well be invisible .
But assuming the creationists are wrong and humans are products of evolution , it would be surprising if our species entirely escaped the powerful forces that shape organisms ' behavior toward their kin .
Easy credit meant easy money , and easy money allowed asset prices to be bid up far beyond rational valuations .
The result has been a system that , according to the National Community Reinvestment Coalition ( NCRC ) , has since 1977 leveraged over $ 6 trillion in reinvestment dollars through CRA agreements with banks providing credit for `` affordable housing , small businesses , economic development , and community service facilities in minority and lowand moderate-income neighborhoods '' in both cities and rural areas .
Without the protection of the natural forest that land quickly loses its natural fertility .24 Beside the loss of nutrients , additional environmental changes occur in the soil ( reduction of organic matter , moisture , and other properties ) , in the local climate , and with respect to biodiversity , leading to manifold unforeseen forms of ecological degradation that affect the local productivity .
In part , because feminism had cleared a space for risk of the valuable sort , by beginning to control the bad and non-necessary risks that women used to run every day in a male-dominated world .
Some 40 National Labor Relations Board decisions under Bush appointees have made it easier for employees to harass or intimidate pro-union workers and harder to win union certification .
The answer must lie in the growth in power of the 1 percent , their domination of the flow of information ( and indignation ) that can allow and facilitate a use of the threat of a growing debt as a counter-revolutionary weapon .
A massive investment in opinion formation and management by big business groups and wealthy right-wing individuals , including the creation of an interlocking web of well-funded think tanks , media companies , pressure groups , and pseudoscholarly centers designed to cover middle-class resentments with the patina of intellectual respectability .
Democrats should say it loudly : If we take some of that money and invest it at home in alternative energy , roads , and schools , we 'll create more jobs and more growth and make our economy stronger .
Although the Tea Party has an identifiable antiwar wing -- one poll found that the elder Paul was the group 's second-most admired politician , after Sarah Palin -- by and large the Tea Partiers ' instinctive patriotism makes them a tough audience for criticism of U.S. intervention .
Much progress was made in building the political infrastructure within the DNC for more effectively working with Hispanic elected officials in 2004 , but Reyneri concluded that `` to be truly effective , any Hispanic outreach effort would have to actively engage the state parties .
The fledgling conservative movement was able to nominate Goldwater only because the Republican establishment was caught by surprise , and the movement still had no way to win national elections : Goldwater went down to humiliating defeat . ''
The FairTax , they say , will result in unprecedented economic growth , a tremendous increase in capital investment , substantially lower interest rates , the creation of millions of new jobs , the saving of Social Security and Medicare , the doubling of the economy within 15 years , and the greatest transfer of power away from the government ever seen .
There 's no good reason why Democrats should limit their vision of what America can accomplish to the amount of revenues generated by repealing the Bush tax cut , in whole or in part .
This GI Joe response was ostensibly to protect against further attacks , although how a potential machine-gun battle in the middle of Grand Central Station was supposed to make anybody feel at ease is unclear .
Because of the swap-related provisions of Gramm 's bill-which were supported by Fed chairman Alan Greenspan and Treasury secretary Larry Summers -- a $ 62 trillion market ( nearly four times the size of the entire US stock market ) remained utterly unregulated , meaning no one made sure the banks and hedge funds had the assets to cover the losses they guaranteed .
Wilson and the reformers in Congress were able to pass legislation establishing the Federal Reserve and the Federal Trade Commission because a succession of depressions and bank panics had worried business and angered workers and farmers .
That principle lies at the heart of the next big legislative fight , over the extension of those parts of the Bush tax cuts that only benefit families earning more than $ 250,000 per year .
Between 1979 and 2006 the top tax rate on earned income was cut in half ; the tax rate on capital gains was cut almost as much ; the tax rate on corporate profits fell by more than a quarter .
Cheney built a real war over imaginary weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Yet , globalization taken in itself is not a very useful way of understanding the accumulation dynamic of the system at this specific stage of its development , which is better characterized , as Sweezy argued , in terms of the three elements of slow growth ( in the center and in the world economy as a whole ) , monopolization via multinational corporations , and financialization .
The threats and harassment are not directed only at women , since `` it is now dangerous for men to wear shorts in public , '' or `` to allow their children to play outside in shorts .
In a farewell message he writes , `` I can not be blind to the evidence that we have seen free markets produce some damaging and dangerous results in recent years .
This is used by Radcons in anti-tax harangues to fool people into thinking that wage-earners should be allowed to keep all their income , ignoring the fact that their taxes pay for public schools , roads , water , clean air , bridges , national defense , seaports , police , fire departments , public health and safety , and other essential services .
Providing security to large numbers of Afghans , strengthening the Karzai government , and encouraging economic growth are all within the grasp of Western forces -- if they are willing to stop battling for control of the pro-Taliban south and redirect their efforts to more modest projects .
At the same time , libertarians following in the footsteps of classical liberal political forces in Europe -- Germany 's Free Democratic Party comes to mind -- need to draw an outline of a pragmatic , less militarized , and less interventionist foreign policy , while still working to strengthen political liberty and free markets at home .
`` I would go in and start by looking through how much could we save , how much could we cut immediately , '' Gingrich told the Tea Party Patriots , which was nothing more than coded words for the fact that his campaign has n't proposed -- and has n't yet given any thought to -- any specific spending cuts .
The path to your party 's resurrection lies in your ability to understand what you did wrong over the last eight years -- not in waiting until the Obama administration makes mistakes .
Warren proposes a financial products safety commission to review potentially hazardous products for safety and efficacy , rather like the way the Food and Drug Administration functions , before such products are marketed to consumers ( see Tamara Draut , `` Financial Product Safety , '' page A23 ) .
And God bless them , they won one in 2004 when , in Pickett v. IBP , an Alabama jury awarded $ 1.28 billion to cattlemen in a class action suit because IBP had used captive supplies to negatively manipulate cattle prices .
Because the AMT is not indexed for inflation , and because the 2001-03 tax changes lowered tax shares of upper-income taxpayers without permanently adjusting it , the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center estimates that by 2010 , as many as one-third of taxpayers will be affected by the AMT at a cost of more than $ 100 billion .
The question which immediately arises and which some writers believe to be very damaging to the concept of surplus value is why the worker should be content to sell his labor power for its exchange value rather than insist on getting the exchange value which the employment of his labor power creates .
But that 's a difficult argument to make against Obamacare 's Medicaid expansion , because the federal government will fund 100 percent of it for the first three years , starting in 2014 , before gradually lowering its share to 90 percent in 2020 and thereafter .
First , as Shikha Dalmia of the Reason Foundation writes , `` Big medicine has long blamed the unnecessary tests and procedures these awards encourage for rising health care costs .
They used the budget surplus they inherited from Clinton for a tax cut for the rich , creating long-term fiscal problems that continue to constrict liberal initiatives .
Since I spend most of my time haplessly battling global warming , I encounter a fair number of climate-change skeptics .
This coalition is reminiscent of the global justice movement of the late nineties , but with the difference that this time the US working class is under direct attack and fighting for its own survival , which brought the movement broader appeal and increased urgency to fight .
Gun-free zones are invitations to mass murder , gun-rights advocates argued after a lone gunman 's shooting rampage on December 14 at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , left 20 children and six adults dead .
Within a year of the shooting , the SCCC 's student affiliates wore empty holsters to protest for the right to carry concealed weapons on campus at 600 colleges nationwide .
To get around this problem , Cameron began talking about the need to `` share the proceeds of growth '' between tax cuts and public investment , a suitably vague compromise that managed both to placate activists and convince the public that a future Tory government would n't cut public spending .
`` To have state taxpayer money support an organization with anti-gay policies is deeply disturbing , particularly at a time when we 're seeing so many funding cuts to our most vulnerable residents , `` 7 said Kara DeLeonardis in an interview with the Times Argus newspaper .
But both authors do stress that what vaccines have done is as remarkable as nutrition and hygiene reducing the mortality rate by 500 percent ; in some cases vaccines have reduced the rate to essentially zero - which is why people no longer fear the diseases that used to kill children .
To achieve these ends , America has created a patchwork of programs and services : a minimum wage , an Earned Income Tax Credit , unemployment insurance , welfare , job training , child care , Medicaid , low-income housing , and food stamps .
Some men will like taking care of children ( if government and employers give them decent support ) ; others will try to avoid care , and women will be able , let us hope , to see that one coming in advance and make the choices they want to make in response .
If that daily message were not sufficient discouragement , markets harness our creative capacities and energies by arranging for other people to threaten our livelihoods .
and the stores where we were better because we could mock them while still giving them our lunch money ( Smash , your source for middle-class punk ) . ''
A clause in Pennsylvania 's constitution decried `` an enormous Proportion of Property vested in a few individuals '' as `` dangerous to the Rights , and destructive to the Common Happiness , of Mankind , and therefore every free State hath a right by its Laws to discourage the Possession of Such Property .
The second unusual sight is one that should give medical-marijuana skeptics pause : scores of people with visible physical handicaps integrated seamlessly , without special comment , into a subculture that has recognized their pain and need for relief as being worthy of individual dignity and choice .
Often their land has been stolen as a result of the inroads of agribusiness , while they are also forced from the land by low prices they have historically received for their products and threats against campesino lives .
Gingrich does not see a market solution to the energy crisis , but rather a federal government-led solution : `` Future presidents will surely find a way to vet their bold proposals with an appropriate subset of en-vironmental and economic gurus so our national leaders are better prepared to deliver workable and effective environmental policies .
On-site child care , paid family leave , paid sick time , affordable health insurance , flexible scheduling , and home-based work opportunities relieve work\/family stress and increase employee job satisfaction .
To the often foolish Hayden White , Dawson prefers the `` sedatives '' of religion to the certainties of science , an argument so silly as not to be taken seriously .
This sounds good on the surface , but this too is still far from an ideal solution : it does n't stop fraud until after it starts ; it places the responsibility for identifying ID fraud on the victim ; the cost of credit monitoring is borne by the innocent consumer ; and it is Orwellian in its approach .
A second great fable holds that making rich people richer makes the rest of us richer .
Every time Kerry seemed to get the upper hand in the foreign-policy debate , the papers would be filled with advice from ( often anonymous ) party strategists that now was the time to `` pivot '' away from national security and toward jobs and health care rather than to go in for the kill .
As a U.S. Senate candidate against Ted Kennedy in 1994 , and as a gubernatorial candidate in 2002 , Romney also supported gun bans ( `` assault weapons '' and `` Brady Bill '' ) and rejected Ronald Reagan as too conservative .
As long as economic and fiscal pressures fuel anxiety over immigrants , the increased competition for jobs , and the deteriorating public-school system , it will be hard to generate compassionate and rational responses for youthful lawbreakers .
These are hard-driving , vicious , cutthroat financial killers , the kind of people who leave blood all over the boardroom table and fight to the bitter end to gain maximum advantage .
When we continue to spend tens of billions of dollars on weapons systems of dubious value but are unwilling to spend the money to protect highly vulnerable chemical plants in major urban centers , it becomes more difficult to get other countries to safeguard their nuclear power plants .
While this idea runs through the sequel as well , there is another one that unites much of this book , though Levitt and Dubner never make it explicit : every age has problems that must be solved through human ingenuity and technological innovation , but these solutions create problems of their own that perpetuate the cycle .
Rand Paul 's Medicare plan relies on consumer-directed cost controls via the competitive Federal Health Benefits Plan to rein in medical costs and thus cut government spending .
Once again , conservatives stampeded middle Americans into supporting a tax cut for the rich with scare tactics .
As life became easier and diversions more plentiful , men are less willing to accept the authority of their clergy and less willing to worship a demanding God , a God who dictates how one should live and puts a great many bodily and psychological pleasures off limits .
Heroic noble savages are tied together by a spiritual Gaia-like life force and must fend off the evil , white , land rapists , with the aid of a white man who has been reborn as one of the natives .
The popular notion that the universe -- all of what is called creation -- came into being by accident , without any purpose or design , offered to Lewis an example of the kind of contradiction , disguised as thought , that slips so easily into the mind of man , there to take up permanent , unchallenged residence .
The U.S. Senate losses by Tea Party favorites Sharron Angle and Christine O'Donnell has led some pundits to conclude that the Tea Party is responsible for the U.S. Senate remaining in Democratic hands .
In the end , it was Sontag herself who gave us the most useful metaphor for understanding her -- for making sense of the willed restlessness , the seemingly irresoluble tensions and contradictions that hover over her life and work and politics : paradoxes to which the early private writings already bear striking witness .
Jobs accepted that his products would be used and modified in unforeseeable ways : `` People are creative animals and will figure out clever new ways to use tools that the inventor never imagined .
There are even signs , albeit faint ones , that the insurers are achieving what 's become the Holy Grail of health reform : using their leverage to improve the quality of care that doctors and hospitals provide-by improving the coordination of treatments for the chronically ill or steering patients to providers that get the best outcomes .
The Obama administration has defined the misclassification of employed workers as independent contractors to be an important problem resulting in workers losing legal protections and benefits , and governments losing tax revenue and insurance contributions from employers .
San Francisco also has a working-families credit ( a $ 100 wage supplement for families eligible for the federal Earned Income Tax Credit that includes public-transit discounts and other benefits ) and mandatory paid leave for all private employees ( including part-time and temporary workers ) when they are sick , need medical care , or need to care for their family members .
Financialization , which helped to boost these economies for decades , is now arrested by its own contradictions , with the result that the root problems of production , which financial bubbles served to cover up for a time , are now surfacing .
`` I will protect him against vicious lies told by Fox News , vicious lies told by conservatives .
Ronald Reagan and the conservatives who have dominated public policy for almost 30 years have convinced Americans of the `` perversity argument '' that a government that helps people only hurts them by making them lazy and dependent .
From the 1970s , changes in the international economy have put new weapons into the hands of the masters , enabling them to chip away at the hated social contract that had been won by popular struggle .
He contended that nuclear power is a major part of solving the worldwide energy problem , a problem he labeled `` the greatest present-day threat to the prosperity and survival of nations .
We are permitting the destruction of millions of American lives because we also lack the knowledge and understanding to treat and to cure addiction and the social forces that not only permit but often encourage drug and alcohol addiction .
That certainly is not conducive to freedom and independence for anyone other than the central bankers and well-connected special interests that benefit from their monetary policies .
Yet I had nagging doubts about how deep his commitment went and whether he was truly communicating the need for change down the ranks .
The statement calls for leaving fossil fuels in the ground , popular and community control over production , reducing the North 's overconsumption , respecting indigenous and forest peoples ' rights and , notably , reparations for the ecological and climate debts owed by the richest countries to those who are most affected by resource extraction and climate-related disasters .
As Becker explained , the Court 's defacto elimination of remedies creates `` strong incentives for HMOs to deny claims in bad faith or otherwise ` stiff participants .
While for many children , better vision and improved learning is just a matter of getting the right glasses , for others , improved screening and regular access to medical care is necessary to solve problems that often appear to be learning disabilities .
I started this section about social capital discussing freedom because we need an abundant store of social capital to create and sustain the kind of freedom that our founding fathers envisioned , the kind of freedom that promotes the common good and supports families .
Courts have held that government may not use its contracting power to punish companies that violate the Wagner Act 's right-to-organize provisions , since that act is intended to be the prime legal structure for collective bargaining - though it is notable for not being enforced .
Loophole 's appointees argue that `` a rational system would favor a broad tax base , providing special treatment only where it can be persuasively '' justified .
Abstract : Rather , three longer-term factors have deprived the ideology of both intellectual legitimacy and popular support : structural changes in the GOP 'S coalition , accelerating economic insecurity , and the empirical failure of supply-side economics .
Among the amnesty provisions in STRIVE , are a new worker program , and amnesty for children under 16 years old , farm and forestry workers , and illegal aliens related to victims killed on 9\/11 .
As crazy as it sounds , these folks want higher energy prices because they believe that will force Americans to drive less and businesses to slow down on production and transportation , which they think is a good thing , but which in fact will only cost us more jobs and put us at a greater economic disadvantage against China .
But when figures were made public showing that those claims were not true and that those public-employee benefits were still incredibly generous , compared to those of the typical taxpayer working in the private sector , the public-sector labor unions changed tack and agreed to the reforms , so long as `` collective bargaining rights '' remained in place . )
Which leads us to the next chapter , `` Overwhelm and Defeat , '' detailing techniques '' for routing one 's enemies by manipulating the immigration spigot .
Imposing standards , and enforcing them , is thus the general policy response to the rise of the Predator State , which is just a coalition of the reactionary forces within business who seek to maintain competitiveness and profitability without technological improvement , without environmental control , without attending to product or workplace safety .
The December 4 Independent Mail of Anderson , South Carolina , reported on how the Anderson County Sheriff 's Office turned something bad into something good by using seized drug money to pay the strongman 's fees to bring a message of hope , dreams , and choosing the right path to nine elementary and junior-high schools in the area .
I have to repeat that fact because , even as I write it , I can not absorb the bottom-feeding depths of stupidity it entails : Our society is employing some of the most destructive elements yet invented , chemical elements that literally change our biological essence , for no nobler purpose than whitening paper .
Gregory worries that our political life is polarized , that economic greed and mindless consumerism are idealized , that environmental degradation is accelerating at an alarming rate , that standards in schools are declining , and that public discourse is governed by ideological correctness and cultural relativism .
Strong families are the basis of the common good ; all Americans have an interest in recognizing the contributions families make by giving them a fair break on their taxes .
Here is a simple , bold , and elegant proposal which at one stroke would universalize the income tax credit system and , at the same time , grant significant payroll tax relief to stressed American households : Make all Americans who pay payroll taxes eligible for all existing income tax credits for children , housing , education , savings , and other purposes .
The Pennsylvania Energy Harvest program allocates about $ 5 million a year in grants to companies to encourage investment in renewable energy sources , energy-saving production processes , and alternative energy production .
In blaming the greed of tourists or the wage demands of labor or the selfishness of industrialists or the sharpness of the Jews , they were in large measure still blaming not the disease but the symptoms .
In my first term alone , I signed bills that made AIDS counseling and testing a standard part of obstetrical care , ensured the death penalty or guaranteed life behind bars for anyone who rapes and murders a child , and leveled the playing field for women and minorities in the awarding of government contracts , to name just a few .
In doing so , he not only gave the GOP his vote but , more importantly , his support for the tax cut effectively handed the White House the staff and other committee resources under his control .
And , perhaps most significantly of all , the pressures created by the GOP smear machine perfectly re-create the social dynamic of high school and college , where one can reap the rewards of being favored as the popular jock and cheerleader or relegated to the realm of the losers and nerds .
That 's why most other industrialized countries have been so attentive to creating systems that provide families with both good options for non-family child care and workplace flexibility so workers can care for their own children .
First the Great Depression , which led many employers to reduce wages , gave new strength to the union movement as angry workers organized to fight pay cuts .
Beset by criticism from both parties ( if enjoying some disturbingly positive remarks from Rudy Giuliani and the Wall Street Journal ) , Obama has held his ground , arguing that he represents `` change .
That is , they do not create wealth or value because in the final analysis they do not actually create anything real such as a physical product or a direct service .
In other words , a free society runs the risk that the citizens will abuse their freedoms , unless there is something that induces them to practice an adequate degree of self-restraint .
Sometimes they even dole out for scientific expertise or `` product defense , '' so that if their products are accused of causing health risks they can fight back with a tobacco company-style strategy of doubt and denial .
It is certain that there is no way to reach a truly harmonious civilization with an economic system in which decisions are made by private individuals based on how much capital will be accumulated as well as personal greed and consumerism .
The dominant approach to the world ecological crisis , focusing on technological fixes and market mechanisms , is thus a kind of denial ; one that serves the vested interests of those who have the most to lose from a change in economic arrangements .
A child from a low-income family , with an overburdened single working parent and living in a dangerous neighborhood , watches a lot of television and exercises infrequently because it is not safe to play outside .
Indeed , during an April visit to China , American food safety inspectors had little trouble finding Chinese workers who openly admitted that scrap melamine is routinely used to augment low-grade wheat , corn , and soybean products , particularly those made for animal consumption .
If there was any special class of whom this plain man was the champion , for whom he used all his skill , and his zeal , and influence , it was the class of the poor and the oppressed and the forsaken , of those who were abused and outraged by their fellow men .
Members of the Right tried to blame the seeming market failures on government ; in their mind the government effort to push people with low incomes into homeownership was the source of the problem .
The peasantry and labor , both rural and urban , in developing countries worldwide ate less and less and absorbed the punishment , while urban intellectuals en masse seemed to be conceptually blind and largely ignored the problem in their writings .
`` Shut up is not an argument , '' he says , pointing to this Boot barb : `` Think of all the millions we could have saved by ending wars prematurely -- quite a bonanza , especially if you ignore the rather substantial costs of defeat .
We have assigned pluses to the nays because the CISPA bill would permit government access to the private information of citizens , in violation of the Fourth Amendment `` right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures .
The strategy for privatizing Medicare and Social Security is the same : create a funding crisis and deficit however possible , then claim they are broke or about to go broke , then use that excuse to privatize them .
While the details are murky -- presumably by design -- the conferees agreed to implement substantial new controls on the banking and financial sector by the end of 2010 , which will include `` rules aimed at improving ` quantity and quality ' of bank capital and discouraging excessive risk-taking , '' in the words of CNN 's Jennifer Liberto , measures which will be enforced beginning in 2012 .
As Congress plumbs the causes of our current mess , the main one is hiding in plain sight : Reckless monetary policy that did so much to create the credit mania and then compounded the felony with a commodity bubble and run on the dollar whose damage is now becoming apparent . ''
As Dr. Sowell has noted : `` Artificially lower prices , created by government order rather than supply and demand , encourage more use of goods or services , while discouraging the production of those same goods and services .
For example , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) included private benefits in a CBA of higher fuel economy standards to reduce GHG emissions , arguing that making people purchase higher-mileage cars than they prefer makes car buyers better off .
Oddly , within the framework of the argument made earlier , the changes in the tax code favored by conservatives have indeed rendered the markets more efficient .
If the right were as concerned about ensuring that no one in its ranks was ever harmed by its policies , it would oppose reductions in tax rates on the wealthy , since lower rates on high earners harm the accounting firms that specialize in creating tax dodges .
The purpose of churches is to repress , control , devalue , and destroy , as an unbroken history of religious violence and repression supposedly demonstrates .
He writes that desiring a return to federalism is not wishful thinking : `` perhaps it is not altogether too romantic to hope that necessity , if not philosophy , will lead us to discover the robust federalism that in times past provided this nation with such extraordinary strength , flexibility , and freedom .
According to one view , that may be changing on matters of economics : The Chinese stimulated their economy aggressively when it counted , they 've started letting their currency appreciate , and they 've talked of encouraging their citizens to consume more imports .
Social ownership of the means of production is critical because it is the only way to ensure that our communal , social productivity is directed to the free development of all rather than used to satisfy the private goals of capitalists , groups of individuals , or state bureaucrats .
The market price depression associated with the dumping of agricultural commodities has two major effects on developing countries whose farmers produce competing products .
Universities always emphasize the importance of non-academic ( and subjective ) `` leadership traits '' as a central reason why they do not rely upon grades and academic test scores to select at least their white students , arguing that evidence of such personal initiative and leadership should often outweigh somewhat lower academic performance in predicting future success and value to our society .
However , clean elections face a tough fight , since their popularity and effectiveness has drawn the ire of corporate interest groups .
For the last decade , a federal judiciary dominated by conservatives has mostly served to stack the deck in favor of wealthy and privileged interests .
The state and the unions jointly monitor compliance with labor law ( there are many of these violations , caused sometimes by ignorance of the law , sometimes by indifference , or not wanting to make waves when there is urgency to produce , sometimes opportunism ) .
Bad government is controlled by the powerful and wealthy , or by a particular religious or interest group , for their own good against the good of all its citizens .
Germany , who warned in a communique : `` Global warming caused largely by human activities is accelerating land it ) will seriously damage our common natural environment and severely weaken ( the ) global economy , with implications for international security .
Privatization allows corporations to cut jobs , cut wages , and cut services all in the name of efficiency while they pocket taxpayer dollars in the form of profits .
Despite an obvious conflict of interest , members of the board included representatives from Boeing , United Technologies , Hughes , Raytheon , General Dynamics , and other leaders in the production and sale of arms and weapons technology .
The gang was all here , a bunch of real straight shooters , and they would extend their hands to the congressional committee chairman , and all the handsome fellows would share a laugh as they took their seats among the huge vases of cut flowers and scurrying waiters .
But so too does the practice of turning regulatory agencies over to business lobbies , the privatization of national security and the attempted privatization of Social Security , the design of initiatives in Medicare to benefit drug companies , and trade agreements to benefit corporate agriculture at the expense of subsistence farmers in the Third World .
That 's why Obama and his allies have embraced an innovation first promoted by Jacob Hacker , a political scientist and health policy expert : the creation of a new public insurance program , which would provide good benefits and be available to anybody through the purchasing cooperative .
It displays loss of nerve , which means that it can not summon the will to suppress public obscenity , punish crime , reform welfare , attach stigma to the bearing of illegitimate children , resist the demands of self-proclaimed victim groups for preferential treatment , or maintain standards of reason and scholarship .
The answer is that , if Democrats are permitted to adopt a new philosophy and practice their politics differently-and , if Democratic leaders rise to the occasion-the prevailing situation in this country could change dramatically for the better , and that would benefit all their causes in the long run .
Not to pick on any particular denomination , but stories of abuse by clergy of all sorts surfaced regularly through the 1990s , until most groups became massively more proactive in preventing and detecting abuse threats .
But if they are to successfully champion the hopes of the elderly and preserve the integrity of Medicare , Democrats must unite behind strategies for using government clout to control rapidly rising pharmaceutical costs and promoting efficiency with equity in health care .
The financial crisis , Mayor Mike now argues , is poised to ravage New York City 's economy , and only a former investment banker like himself can be trusted to deal with the fallout from the problems created by , er , investment bankers .
Thus , the harsh conditions for farmers caused by a number of factors , made worse by the implementing of free-market ideology , have created a continuing stream of people leaving the countryside and going to live in cities that do not have jobs for them .
offered an amendment to extend already-lapsed and soonto-expire programs intended to promote renewable energy -- including a lapsed stimulus program that allowed businesses to receive grants ( as opposed to tax credits ) for renewable-energy projects , and a production tax credit for wind energy producers set to sunset at the end of the year .
Mindy Lubber , the director of INCR , argues that if a company is n't thinking about how climate change will affect the way it does business , it 's not maximizing shareholder value .
The financial incentives to vote with the greedy bastards extend beyond political careers .
The simplest problem with laissez-faire is not that it is unjust or harmful to poor people , but that it is a hopelessly inadequate description of any system of liberty , including free markets .
For all practical purposes , it is advancing the idea that dictatorial control is more desirable than voluntary exchange between buyers and sellers , each of whom is free to accept or reject the other party 's offer .
This preference is evident in domains dominated by simple tastes-fast food and moronic movies , revved-up spectator sports and dumbed-down video games , all of which are linked into the nexus of consumer merchandising that the infantilist ethos nurtures and promotes .
It is more obscene for Klein to do so , because his claim supports attacks on contemporary teachers and a refusal to acknowledge impediments teachers face because of their students ' social and economic deprivation .
Since politics is about shaping government policy , and government policy is backed up by force or the threat of force , you might think that the consistent pacifist would avoid politics ; but many Christian pacifists are in politics up to their eyeballs .
And as others in this special report argue forcefully , we must improve access to comprehensive early childhood services for expectant parents , babies , and toddlers at greatest risk .
In the 2002 election , Bush was able to exploit his success on that score-and to amplify it through carefully timed `` terror '' alerts and wild exaggeration of the Iraqi threat-to override his failures in managing the economy .
Equally important , the view that it was necessary , or so the neoconservatives argue , to bomb the Germans and Japanese back into the Stone Age to give them what Allan Bloom approvingly calls `` an educational experience '' makes one wonder why mass destruction should be required to teach people what they should want .
Gravel was a hero of the anti- Vietnam fight and is arguably the most radical Democrat running for president .
According to Ahmed Djoghlaf , the pro-business executive secretary of the CBD , `` The three big outcomes of the COP-10 meeting in Nagoya '' were to be `` a global agreement on a new ( strategic plan to halt biodiversity loss ) , the mobilisation of the finance needed to make it happen and a new legally-binding protocol on access and benefit sharing ( ABS ) .
`` The tax system we now have , '' he told Reagan , according to Cannon , `` is designed to make the avoidance of taxes easy for the rich and has the effect of making it almost impossible for people who work for wages and salaries to do the same .
Mr. Obama has sought to strike a balance : emphasizing the depth of the problem , to create a sense of political urgency for Congress to act quickly , while not being so pessimistic that he could further destabilize the jittery financial markets or deplete the sense of energy and hope accompanying his election .
But that does n't mean that Democrats wo n't have popular support as they rise to the defense of government programs like Social Security , Medicare , education spending , or domestic security . )
I 'll explore later some specific ways parents and companies can encourage the good and protect kids from the bad , but the good news is that we are at the threshold of increased parental involvement , aided by better tools provided by the entertainment industry .
Furthermore , cash-strapped workers have had to turn to the financial markets to make ends meet , and the new instruments that have been an outgrowth of rampant financialization have allowed the banks to take ample advantage of this , in effect , making profits by taking money directly out of the pockets of the working class .
Well , you know , those windowsills poisoned with lead paint are going to harm their own children , but the interests of profit overwhelmed it .
Private capitalist hegemony had weakened enough to enable a serious counterhegemonic thrust to get far enough to force a basic change in economic policy , if not to challenge capitalism as such .
Despite sanctimonious rhetoric about the need to purge politics of the corrupting influence of money and to avoid even the suspicion of corruption , it is clear that these laws are intended to , and do , have the effect of protecting incumbents from effective challenges at the polls .
Whereas Edwards called himself a fighter who will stand up to lobbyists and the forces of greed , Obama deploys rhetoric that skirts past economic distress altogether , saying in a recent speech , `` It 's not about rich versus poor ; young versus old ; black versus white , this election is about past versus future .
Military confrontation , on the other hand , has only a certainty of creating a loss for all .
But special interests can capture international organizations , too -- think of how pharmaceutical firms influenced the World Trade Organization 's patent rules , for example , or how global banks have influenced the Basel Committee 's capitaladequacy rules .
Instead of doing everything possible to attract and safeguard endangered species , landowners often manage their properties to avoid inhabitation -- and secretly kill the species if they do show up .
The truth is that Kennedy is n't interested in examining the actual experiences of real women affected by the partial-birth abortion ban ; he feels he has an intuitive understanding of what women are feeling and is convinced that he has a unique and solemn responsibility to define the essential nature of women 's dignity .
Since being elected last fall , he has refused to gut Medicaid , instructed his administration to implement the health care law despite his opposition to it , defended embryonic stem-cell research against conservative attacks , and conspicuously avoided the scorched-earth rhetoric on unions that is popular with most of his Republican colleagues .
The real isolationists are those who choose to use force overseas to promote democracy , rather than seeking change through diplomacy , engagement , and by setting a positive example .
`` Because the battle centers on market reforms , not just funding , '' explains Greenberg , `` there is a considerable opportunity for Democrats to battle the Republicans successfully , unless the Democrats are corrupted by industry money .
Here exchange value dominates , and the disappearance of those use values associated with relatively free communication comes to be registered as a gain in wealth , since it produces massive private riches overnight .
When consumers of cars have no incentive to take into account the damage their emissions of greenhouse gases inflict on victims of climate change , they offer to buy more cars than is socially efficient .
Since circulating the Post story , the Bushies went on to fumble the response to a natural disaster , withdraw a Supreme Court nominee , watch a top aide get indicted , and witlessly hand a Middle Eastern government control of our vulnerable ports .
Since only a handful of voters pay estate taxes , while many voters benefit from government programs the estate tax helps pay for , any party seeking to cater to median or typical voters would , you might think , be inclined to leave the estate tax alone .
Wealth has always moralized itself as virtue , as a just reward for individual effort , intelligence , and acumen ; but as the gap between middle-class incomes and high-flyer incomes has grown , the moral justifications of great wealth have become especially shameless . ''
The huge and growing Social Security retirement trust surplus enabled presidents from Clinton to Bush Jr. to borrow hundreds of billions every year , spent on wars , pentagon and tax cuts for the rich .
Interestingly , in his useful `` The Intimidated Fed '' ( April 30 , 2011 ) , Krugman points out that , although inflation is low and is predicted by Fed analysts to stay low , whereas unemployment is high and expected to come down painfully slowly , Fed Chair Ben Bernanke has no plan for further action to reduce unemployment .
The transparency legislation as enacted in Oregon incorporated many of the practices intended to increase understanding , not just data , including a requirement that the Web site created `` should teach users about how state government works and provide users with the opportunity to learn something about how state government raises and spends revenue . ''
But many of us , as citizens , are appalled at Wal-Mart 's low pay , its power to force suppliers to cut their own payrolls and outsource abroad , and its decimating effects on Main Streets .
Communism rests upon the romantic premise that man is naturally willing to give up all personal property , that individually he will labor productively with no incentives of personal gain or fear of loss , that he will freely give to his fellow man , and that he will consume only what he needs as opposed to what he wants .
The proposal also includes creating an orderly program for those who opt for permanent migration and settlement , as well as organizing an integrated labor management system in North America in which vacancies created in Mexico by departing migrants are filled , in turn , by Central Americans - thereby strengthening local economies and thus reducing migratory pressures leading to U.S.-bound unauthorized migration .
Fennell is part of a movement of academics , bankers , and community activists brewing innovative responses to a powerful lesson of the foreclosure crisis : In order for homeownership to live up to its promise , consumers and communities have to be insulated from destructive gyrations in property values , interest rates , and other looming risks .
It is not helpful that the ideas of salvation and damnation , of sin and virtue , which once played major roles in Christian belief , are now almost never heard of in the mainline churches .
`` This cleverly-written section does n't directly assault free speech , but it creates a climate of fear that chills free speech .
Only a year or so after the biggest economic crisis since the Great Depression punctured all the neoliberal and conservative myths about the free market , and gave a Democratic administration the opportunity to change course , it seems that not much has changed .
One must examine the decoupling of financial services from the rest of the economy -- the way in which trading poorly priced derivatives became a world unto itself , permitted by weak-minded regulators and politicians during the Clinton and Bush administrations , and perpetrated by a few vicious and intelligent bankers and many more or less able yet eagerly compromised ones .
Milloy does n't just report the problem ; he also presents solutions : educating the public ( most of whom are more concerned about rising energy costs than global warming ) ; lobbying legislators ; shareholder activism to press corporations into reversing green compliance that reduces shareholder value ; letters to the editor ; Internet activism ; and more .
Sometimes the signs ask drivers to honk if they agree that America should cut its defense budget or raise taxes on the rich or that climate change must be reversed .
We are increasingly led to believe that the answers to climate change are primarily to be found in new energy technology , specifically increased energy and carbon efficiencies in both production and consumption .
These activities were abusive of the public trust , in violation of at least the spirit of constitutional balanced budget provisions , and corrosive of the good-government culture necessary for sound governance .
But if we give teachers the resources they need ; if we pay them more and give them time for professional development ; if they are given ownership over the design of better assessment tools and a creative curricula ; if we shape reforms with teachers rather than imposing changes on teachers , then it is fair to expect better results .
He received massive funding from financial and corporate interests and , as is well known , made a deal with the insurance and pharmaceutical industries to avoid challenging their dominant role in any health-care reform .
( ( dagger ) ) An argument could be made for a temporary evacuation of the area near Chernobyl , but anti-nukes have carefully avoided addressing the differences in the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl reactors .
Put another way , the `` debate '' over energy independence is not only disingenuous , it 's also a major distraction from the much more crucial question -- namely , how we 're going to build a secure and sustainable energy system .
U.S. companies , expanding steadily overseas , have always wanted friendly and cooperative leaders in areas of investment interest who would help assure their profitability and security from any `` populist '' threat .
What made the Keating Five notorious was not squeezing money out of an honest businessman by threatening to regulate him ; they became famous because they took campaign contributions from a crooked businessman and then used their official power to protect him from government regulators .
By focusing on `` bridge values , '' they say , progressives can reach out to constituents of opportunity who share certain fundamental beliefs , even if the targeted parties do n't necessarily share progressives ' every last goal .
It is estimated that between 55 million and 66 million workers from the South work in such plants .5 Additionally , monopoly capital helps to avoid direct price competition among multinational corporations by searching for low-cost positions through taking advantage of low wages .
By reducing taxes on income earned through investments and increasing the share of the burden shouldered by middle-class wage earners , today 's system perversely punishes those willing to work hard and businesses willing to create jobs in the United States , all while rewarding the movement of capital and jobs overseas .
If upscale voters are willing to endure tax hikes and assaults on private equity , this might give Obama more freedom to appeal to working-class voters -- by , for example , attacking outsourcing and stalling on gun control -- without risking a backlash among the educated suburbanites essential to his chances in Colorado and Virginia .
Democratic Party Chairman Howard Dean did his part to whip up a reaction : `` We must come to terms with the ugly truth that skin color , age and economics played a deadly role in who survived and who did not .
Some sort of orderly , temporary control of a failing institution for the purpose of either selling off the assets and liquidating them , or , preferably , zeroing out the equity holders , giving the creditors a haircut and making them the new equity holders .
There , the centerright government , in power since 2001 , has tried many of the same gambits as its Swedish counterparts - the fragmentation of once comprehensive services , the weakening of the active labor-market system , the use of tax cuts and privatization to split the upper middle class from the coalition that supports the welfare state .
Hence , the total government-spending stimulus in the United States in the last couple of years has been almost nil , with the meager federal stimulus under Obama negated by deep cuts in state and local spending .50 The state at every level seems to be stopped in its tracks by pro-market ideology , attacks on government deficits , and irrational fears of inflation .
Kennedy has long argued-rightly-that environmentalism , far from being a job killer , can be a major job creator , and makes a compelling case for the Apollo Alliance , a proposal to create three million new jobs retrofitting America .
\* Active , everyday citizen participation and organizing : Shared governance and deliberative democracy can improve governmental decisions and ensure popular satisfaction with outcomes ; card-check elections for unions and other labor-law reforms can empower workers ; changes in the tax code would facilitate community organizing .
Abstract : At the retail level , this system depended on a far-flung industry to create those assets , which involved deceptive products like sub-prime loans , hidden credit-card charges , and predatory forms of consumer credit such as payday loans with annual interest rates in excess of 400 percent .
Even though such care could save hundreds of billions of dollars in expensive treatments and lost productivity , insurers have little financial incentive to subsidize it because Americans frequently change plans when they switch jobs .
AS I MENTIONED EARLIER , one of the major criticisms I hear from supporters of same-sex marriage is that heterosexuals have themselves done a pretty good job of destroying marriage already through no-fault divorce , and supporters of the Marriage Protection Amendment have done little about it .
In the energy field , he rejected the idea of directly ordering polluters to cut emissions , in favor of letting companies use a more flexible cap-and-trade system .
Only the Western occupiers have the planes to fly the opium and heroin to the mob that sells it on the open market , but a steady stream of American and Afghan officials , through useful idiots in the mainstream media , claim that the Taliban alone is behind the trade and profiting from it . ''
But cellulosic ethanol , though quite promising , is not yet commercial , while Brazilian ethanol is , well , Brazilian : It 's effectively barred from our market by a 54 cents per gallon tariff , which U.S. lawmakers defend on the grounds of energy independence , but which coincidently leaves corn ethanol , with its massive federal subsidy , as pretty much the only game in town .
Attendees of the public `` commemoration '' of Jamestown would soon perceive -- via their public tour guides and literature -- that Jamestown was founded by greed-driven , racist , egotistical invaders who were bent on dominating or destroying the noble natives .
The reserve was created in 2005 , when the devastating flaws of the old hiring system -- which privileged seniority and lifelong job security over teacher quality -- were finally challenged .
To neglect or treat it with indifference would diminish us not merely because it might mean fewer landscapes to enjoy or plants and animals to delight in , but because it would amount to a kind of alienation of ourselves from one vital dimension of the world .
A few states , recognizing the problems with public registries , have tried to develop legal solutions that both protect offenders from abuse and reduce sexual violence .
Every business would have to obtain emission allocations to use energy for whatever reason u not only for releasing C ( O.sub .2 ) from smokestacks and using energy for production purposes , but for gasoline for vehicles , propane for space heaters , and any other source of energy .
The conventional notion that there are forty years of crude oil production remaining at current rates of output is seen as misleading , since it exaggerates the reserves in the ground and downplays the fact that the economy requires that oil demand and production levels increase .
Affirming that there is a distinctive and destructive rich\/poor divide may convince folk like Brenda Caradine of Columbus , Mississippi , that we have a shared interest in the humanity of our fellow citizens .
Throughout America 's adventure in free government , our basic purposes have been to keep the peace , to foster progress in human achievement , and to enhance liberty , dignity , and integrity among peoples and among nations .
Brazil 's $ 240 billion Accelerated Development Plan emphasizes investments in the energy and transport sectors for Amazonia , but its proposed hydropower schemes in western Amazonia have been heavily criticized for ignoring environmental safeguards .
If the current balance of class forces can only be reversed through a revival of class struggle , then the key challenge facing union activists is how to transform their unions into fighting organizations .
The market philosophy , lacking any real interest in the human soul , turned out not to be very persuasive even in its countries of origin and to be a gross , bloated failure when tried in the former Evil Empire itself .
The failure of the U.S. Treasury Department and Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor , let alone regulate , Wall Street has created today 's financial wreckage and the resulting consumer panic .
`` A fixation on placating Wall Street has made it difficult to fulfill the original mandate for a new economics centered on helping all Americans adapt to economic change , '' complained Reich .
Citing the Hawaii program as a model , Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California and Republican Rep. Ted Poe of Texas jointly introduced a bill that would create federal grants for states to experiment with `` graduated sanctions , '' which deliver quick , moderate punishment to those who violate the terms of their probation instead of automatically putting them back into jail .
Therefore they believe that people who fail or do bad things are not acting out of laziness or wickedness ; rather , society put them in this unfortunate position .
As President , Barack Obama will create a prison-to-work incentive program , modeled on the successful Welfare-to-Work Partnership , to create ties with employers and third-party agencies who provide training and support services to ex-offenders and to improve ex-offender employment and job-retention rates .
`` Obama mentioned a number of initiatives where foundations have played an important reform-agenda role , ( for example ) Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and Kaiser on health care .
The story of Deep Brain Stimulation actually holds some important lessons about how innovation frequently takes place -- and why it 's not all that dependent on a non-universal , private health care system like the one we have in the United States . ''
These should lead to the softening of social tensions , the weakening of antagonisms between bureaucracy and workers , and workers and peasants , to the further lessening of terror , and to the further growth of civil liberties .
The rationale for this absolute and absolutely absurd ascendancy of corporate interest is that ultimately their pursuit of private gain will produce untold global good by softening the hearts of dictators , making capitalists of child laborers , generating a worldwide consumer society based on exports , and giving all of us pie in the sky when we die .
Gregg Imus , the Tea Party favorite , is a social conservative who is far more skeptical of attacks on civil liberties than his Republican rival . ''
Some of the explosion of consumer debt was the result of overspending and poor financial planning , but much of it simply reflected the reality that families were taking on more risk -- shouldering a precarious burden of mortgage , credit card , and tuition-related debt -- without much higher earnings or a better public safety net to cushion the blow .
The poll also revealed a more moderate stance on gun control , with two-thirds supporting background checks for gun sales and opposing the use of assault weapons for hunting .
This keeps us from making productive use of our tax dollars -- launching universal health care , rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure , or funding the research we need to transform our energy system .
The company cut their promised wages and fired their leader , Joseph Jacobs , when workers protested .
Republicans directed the IRS to devote fewer resources to catching rich tax cheats and more to catching poor Earned Income Tax Credit cheats .
There is truth in this argument , as is apparent from a visit to any Wal-Mart , where one finds Americans of modest incomes buying necessities and even luxuries at prices that are almost ridiculously low .
In earlier chapters we saw how flash trading and other speculation may create volatility , but not really create value : the overall efficiency of the market economy may even be reduced .
In the past five years , Cizik has become an outspoken advocate of `` creation care , '' a doctrine rooted in the Bible that urges environmental protection , with global climate change as the clear and present danger .
We stopped using whale blubber for oil not because we killed off the last whale or that every salty harpooner suddenly developed a soft spot for all of those leg-chomping white whales roaming the seven seas , but because whale oil was pricey and creative humanity kept its eyes open for alternative forms of energy suitable for heating and lighting .
Paradoxically , if we free workers from taking jobs based on whether or not that job provides health care , we strengthen capitalism because we encourage people to do what they are best suited to do .
The rich , in other words , can afford both to create more dimensions in which their children can excel and to place them in an environment where such excellence is rewarded .
Experts on early childhood education agree that attending preschool has a positive effect on a child 's long-term educational attainment but have no way of tracking which programs produce the best results .
They can , if they have the strategic ability and foresight , purchase properties and `` land bank '' them for future use - or they can try to reclaim some as affordable , energy-retrofitted housing , creating good jobs to make it happen .
, labor-consumer-environmental protection , restrictions on dangerous products , small business protection , support for strategic and emerging industries , land reform , community and worker control ( that is , the foundations of authentic democracy ) , labor actions ( which could be construed as illegal threats to order ) , and so on .
Predictably , low-income working families are least likely to benefit because they can rarely afford to take unpaid leave , have jobs with the least flexibility , and have the hardest time finding quality infant care and reliable transportation .
As I explained in chapter 1 , I began working on this book with that view , which goes something like this : Money buys influence , and as the richest few percent of Americans have grown richer thanks to unequalizing forces like technical change , they have become rich enough to buy themselves a party .
Not surprisingly , the argument that getting rich often entails a great deal of luck tends to drive conservatives to apoplexy .
With so many properties leveraged to the hilt , a decline in revenues sets off a wicked feedback loop : plummeting cash flows trigger a wave of forfeitures , foreclosures , and bankruptcies that add to a glut of distressed space that in turn only further depresses valuations and rents , leading to more foreclosures .
Since many people actually seem to believe that liberals favor higher tax rates on the rich primarily as a form of punishment , let me explain the actual rationale for progressive taxation .
Unfortunately , our efforts in this direction , which have produced some impressive results , have been overshadowed by those in the administration , and in key leadership roles in the Congress , who never seem to miss an opportunity to dismiss environmental protection as a priority .
Many of the moderates tempered their enthusiasm for Iraq and assailed the Bush administration 's conduct of the war , but Sirota charges that they continue `` to criticize efforts to do anything real about ( the war ) from the right .
As well , scientists continue to make progress in inventorying and cataloguing the basin 's biological wealth , documenting the effects of deforestation on the biota , and giving planners and policymakers an ever more solid scientific basis for their actions .
Since the parts of government that conservatism most despises are often supported by the public , this strategy avoids the tactlessness of repealing or abolishing agencies while achieving the same results .
At the same time , these avatars of consumer capitalism are seeking to encourage adult regression , hoping to rekindle in grown-ups the tastes and habits of children so that they can sell the useless cornucopia of games and gadgets for which there is no discernible `` need market '' other than the one created by capitalism 's frantic imperative to sell .
They then used the wealth from this international trading system to support a balance of power , seeking to prevent any hostile land power from gaining the kind of regional supremacy that would allow such a power to build a navy strong enough to contest control of the seas .
But the division that matters most is between those who deploy or reap massive profits from aggressive force and those who are the victims of that force .
But the most important step that Democrats can take is to transfer the fight for their agenda from the realm of pressure groups , where they are vulnerable , to the electorate , where they hold the advantage .
It is a true testament to economic power that after the 2008 financial crisis , the Deepwater Horizon disaster , and the tsunami of mortgage fraud by the great banks , all within two years , the business community is outraged when government figures issue hostile rhetoric or threaten mild re-regulation .
With women and children dying daily not only from being caught in the crossfire , but also from the effects of poverty , malnutrition , and lack of available health care , they are skeptical about the justifications used by foreign forces around women 's rights .
More troublesome , because it 's more recent than a 32-year-old book , is Holdren 's involvement in `` Climategate , '' the deliberate manipulation of scientific data , the stonewalling of Freedom of Information requests , and the overall propaganda efforts of scientists charged with studying the causes and effects of climate change .
The low elevation of the Arctic ( and thus the greater sensitivity to surface warming ) , the effect of open water and bare land absorbing more solar-radiant energy than ice and snow , and the fact that water holds heat more effectively than land all contribute to the sharp difference in warming rates observed for Earth 's two polar regions .
( Cass ) Sunstein sees in American free speech a parallel to the moral and conceptual confusion that leads people to complain that taxes are a burden because they take `` my '' wealth .
More and more people would realize that an entire economy run according to democratically decided policy objectives would be better for the vast majority of Americans than our current economy , which is run according to profit maximization , produces great inequality , and is highly unstable and prone to crises , like the present crisis , that cause great suffering and hardship .
It is often asserted that the world has made a great deal of progress since 1776 , that we have had new thoughts and new experiences which have given us great advance over the people of that day , and that we may therefore very well discard their conclusions for something more modern .
The notion of regime uncertainty is impossible to quantify , but Higgs presents an array of evidence showing the depth of shock , fear , and distrust that FDR 's actions created , especially in the business and investment community .
While Creative Class locations are successful in generating financial and creative capital , they are comparatively poorer in social capital .
It means using all available tools to provide good health care and education , job opportunities , safe neighborhoods , a healthy environment , a promising future .
The social and economic environment has enjoyed the creation of sizeable sources of urban employment and the incorporation of women and young workers under the age of thirty-five , important in terms of the long-term sustainability of urban agriculture , as well as retirees into the urban agricultural workforce , bringing income and health benefits to the latter .
Health care and child care for low-wage workers have fallen victim to state budget cuts and a Republican Congress more interested in exerting U.S. military force abroad than supporting low-wage working families at home .
This will be used to develop bargaining and campaigning to pressure employers and the government to implement their commitment to a low - carbon strategy in a way that creates millions of decent jobs .
Policies encouraging people to cut thenenergy consumption today - like feed-in tariffs used in Germany and elsewhere in Europe that allow utility companies to pay customers for the energy they save using personal solar and wind systemswould create more incentives for broad adoption .
Meanwhile , this period in American history witnessed a pitched battle between members of the Democratic Congress and a Republican-supported group of private equity billionaires fighting to retain their tax privileges .
A high-quality teacher is only about half as likely to make it to the seven-year mark as a low-quality teacher .18 Meanwhile , eager and talented young people are discouraged by very low starting salaries from trying teaching for a few years in their twenties before moving on to another career .
He explains : `` A team doctor watches the quantity of water that is ingested and for the physiological signs which show when the drowning effect goes from painful psychological experience , to horrific suffocating punishment to the final death spiral .
Indeed , every major political battle waged by the right in recent decades has been earthed in a story about the Constitution 's text and history : the attack on gun control , rooted in the Second Amendment ; the attack on environmental law , rooted in the Fifth Amendment ; and the attack on Obamacare , rooted in the Tenth Amendment .
But Latin America was also the first region in the world where these policies came to be rejected as policies that only served to increase poverty , aggravate social inequalities , destroy the environment , and weaken working-class and popular movements in general .
The intersection of the ever-faster news cycle , unprecedented partisan polarization , summer-vacation schedules , and national-security threats hardly makes for rational conversation , so it should come as little surprise that one of the very first conservative media responses to the coordinated series of detonations that rocked London on the morning of July 7 was a hysterical blog post .
An Obama Administration will create a Credit Card Bill of Rights to ban unilateral changes , apply interest rate increases only to future debt , prohibit interest on fees , prohibit universal defaults , and require prompt and fair crediting of cardholder payments .
We wanted Obama to appoint some progressives to his cabinet , get out of Afghanistan , scale back the military empire , shrink the megabanks , create a public bank , push hard for a public option in health care , push through a second stimulus bill to save and create jobs , and end the Bush tax cuts .
Earned success is also what parents experience when their children do wonderful things , what social innovators feel when they change lives , and what artists feel when they create something of beauty .
They attacked the ship using French missiles , killed a few dozen sailors , and got a slight tap on the wrist , but nothing beyond that .
The policy implication is that better access to health insurance and better prenatal care for low-income women may have significant effects on economic mobility .
( `` It makes me realize , '' observed labor leader Andrew Stern in 2005 , `` how vibrant the Republicans are in creating twenty-first-century ideas , and how sad it is that we 're defending sixty-year-old ideas .
Newt Gingrich , Grover Norquist , Bill Kristol , and other figures in the conservative movement saw health reform as an ideological threat because if it succeeded , it might renew New Deal beliefs in the efficacy of government , whereas a defeat of the health plan could set liberalism back for years .
It is not a pretty picture : countries where the rich live in gated communities , waited upon by hordes of low-income workers ; unstable political systems where populists promise the masses a better life , only to disappoint .
In the process , Barton engaged in some creative redefinition of terms , arguing that companies should have the option of using power derived from `` clean coal '' and nuclear to meet any renewables standard , which ... well , misses the point entirely .
The Death and Life of Great American Cities argues that at least one hundred homes per acre are necessary to support exciting stores and restaurants , but that two hundred homes per acre is a `` danger mark .
In the full-employment context of the late 1990s , many states used the funding to create innovative programs aimed at enhancing the quality , rather than simply the quantity , of child care for low-income kids .
War does not justify the suspension of torture laws any more than it justifies the suspension of murder laws , the suspension of due process , or the suspension of the Second Amendment .
But the thrust of his campaign was for old-style New Deal economics : ending tax cuts for the rich and creating them for the middle-class ; expanding health coverage ; creating a quasi-public works program in alternative energy and retrofitting projects ; championing unions .
Some other studies are less encouraging than DiNardo 's , but even if the substitute goods effect is smaller than his research suggests -- if , say , a 30 percent increase in cannabis use led to a 5 or 10 percent drop in drinking -- it would still be a strong argument in favor of legalization .
There is no cause for progressives to be on the defensive as the United States and most other wealthy countries struggle to recover from the worst downturn since the Great Depression .
When Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson presented his rescue plan for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in July , he claimed that the pledge of government support for the two GSEs would restore market confidence , making it easier for them to raise capital and to continue borrowing at favorable rates .
The other school objects to who pays , reminding us that the rich have used their political influence to kill the system 's progressivity , leaving ordinary taxpayers with too much of the bill .
Attacks on the legitimacy of government push privatization , deregulation , and a tax cut agenda that worsens income inequality and squeezes government spending and public investment .
If we want government to recapture that money , it 's far better to use the progressive income tax than to cut Social Security benefits across the board .
Most startling , Scalia observed that in an `` overwhelmingly black '' school district , a decision by the elected school board to essentially say `` We would like our race to get into ... better white schools '' would not reflect a `` benign '' or `` compelling '' governmental interest ( to which courts must accord deference ) , because the board would be `` doing it for a racially selfish reason .
We need to reduce air pollution because it is a threat to us humans , whether or not it creates a threat to the planet .
Cars and trucks produce exhaust , which deteriorates buildings and statues , causes cancers and asthmas , and , when rain catches it on the way down , pollutes waterways and crops , with those poisons ending up in the food chain .
In truth , while conservatives rail against governmentrun health care , our limited versions of that - Medicaid and Medicare - have been exploited as boondoggles by the same drug companies that have , since 2000 , spent nearly $ 1 billion on federal and state lobbying drives as well as campaign donations given overwhelmingly to Republicans , according to the Center for Public Integrity .
At the same time , he argued that we could not afford the funds needed to avoid debilitating cuts in public schools , much less to double the federal commitment to public schools-from 2 percent to 4 percent of the national budget-and to lead a renewed commitment at all levels to educating the next generation .
Social Darwinism thereby offered a perfect moral justification for America 's Gilded Age , when robber barons controlled much of American industry , the gap between rich and poor turned into a chasm , urban slums festered , and politicians were bought off by the wealthy .
Among them were senators , social justice advocates , and leaders of philanthropic organizations ( among them faith-based groups ) that have benefited greatly from the estate tax by providing the opportunity for many wealthy people to give to charity , rather than seeing their inheritances heavily taxed .
While there are real security concerns about a widespread Internet-based attack that could devastate our economy or national security , only measures safeguarding free speech can be allowed .
I will not back down from protecting our kids from mercury poisoning , or making sure that our food is safe and our water is clean .
Moreover , the warming climate is producing deep snows and flooding rains that smother or drown their eggs and chicks -- changes that may also be fueling outbreaks of ticks severe enough to force some penguins to abandon their eggs and chicks and seek relief in the sea .
At a 2002 black-tie dinner hosted by the Becket Fund , a conservative legal organization , Friess delivered a rambling speech titled `` Tolerance is not Always Good , '' in which he chastised the gay community for intolerance toward Christian values and seemed to blame liberals for the school shootings at Columbine .
Take Ripple Street ... and reproduce it faithfully and you would have a great formless mass of petty incident , the stale product of people who were concerned completely with the tremendous job of making a living so that tomorrow they would be able to make a living another day .
There are a great many Americans who have been so worn down by decades of personal and political defeats , financial struggles , social isolation , and daily interaction with impersonal and inhuman institutions that they no longer have the energy for political actions .
Now comes the layer of ideology : advocates , some of whom may know better , use the `` efficiency of free markets '' to argue against taxes and regulation in general -- they are distortions -- and in favor of laissez-faire . ''
Then , last November , with strong help from the White House , Republican congressional leaders succeeded in attaching to the Medicare prescription-drug bill a tax-free account that corrects these problems and threatens to dramatically alter health insurance as we know it .
Wealthy families who hate taxes , corporate interests that hate regulation , and intellectuals who believe that the welfare state is illegitimate have always been with us .
As Yochai Benkler argues in his brilliant book The Wealth of Networks : How Social Production Transforms Markets and Freedom , the new `` networked information economy '' has some critical advantages for realizing democratic values .
Overburdening CRA with new requirements and expanding it to new industries , products , and situations can , paradoxically , defeat the larger purpose if the result is to dilute CRA 's effectiveness or lead us to ignore other needed policy tools .
Good because fewer people are affected by these injustices ; bad because those who are affected are predominantly the least privileged .
It is important to bear in mind that the people protesting angrily today have real grievances . )
State officials participating in the development of formulary rules for Medicare and Medicaid have reacted with alarm about how this proposal could undermine hard-won gains in the epic health-care reform battle .
Public policy makers thus face major challenges in attempting to protect Amazonia 's fragile ecosystems from these pressures while meeting the livelihood needs of its 25 million-plus citizens . ''
Some of the explosion of consumer debt was the result of overspending and poor financial planning , but much of it simply reflected the reality that families were taking on more risk -- shouldering a precarious burden of mortgage , credit card , and tuition-related debt -- without much higher earnings or a better public safety net to cushion the blow .
That is why we have evolved to have warm feelings toward people we consider members of our group , and hostile to members of other groups : `` humans seem to be equipped with emotions that encourage us to treat others in our societies as if they were ` honorary relatives .
Kennedy is convinced that we ca n't create better schools or lure businesses to inner cities if we ca n't first stop the killings .
I beUeve the security of our country depends on ideaUsm abroad-the promotion of liberty and hope as the alternatives to hatred and bitterness .
If private co-operative endeavor fails to provide work for willing hands and relief for the unfortunate , those suffering hardship from no fault of their own have a right to call upon the Government for aid ; and a government worthy of its name must make fitting response .
Recent figures show that the share of income claimed by the richest 1 percent is the highest share since 1928 , just before the U.S. economy exploded into the Great Depression marked by the drop in effective consumer demand by the majority of citizens .
These voters were happy to support a Republican like Graves , but they heartily disliked the conservatives who had been trying to take over the state GOP -- not just for their stands on abortion and evolution , but also for their reluctance to support spending on education and high-tech research and development .
It 's therefore natural to conclude that Bush has simply betrayed conservatism , and therefore that conservative intellectuals and activists bear none of the blame for the iniquities perpetrated by Republicans in office .
We share culture , we share friends and enemies , '' explains Mara Keisling , a longtime trans activist who for the past five years has led the National Center for Transgender Equality .
Many are responsible for the Republicans ' descent into madness , but pride of place surely goes to Fox News chair Roger Ailes , the onetime Nixon aide who created a counterfactual network that in turn helped create a counterfactual Republican Party .
This scheme has allowed them not only to hide the costs of the conflicts but also to avoid painful budget choices while funneling billions of dollars in unvetted goodies to favored interest groups .
Let them hate the rich and privileged in cycles , unlike us Europeans who hate everyone and everything .
If productivity falls with the adoption of more sustainable agroecosystems , then more land would be required to produce the same amount of food , thus resulting in further environmental degradation as ecologically important ecosystems are converted to cropland .
When corporate front groups complain about `` regulation by lawsuit , '' they are right : Without lawsuits , the government 's weakened rules do a poor job of guarding against bad drugs , bad doctors , corporations that shortchange their shareholders and pension funds , rollover cars , exploding tires , unstable buildings , poisonous waste , and undrinkable water .
News organizations that might once have condemned lavishly paid executives lauded their business genius instead ; politicians who might once have led populist denunciations of corporate fat cats sought to flatter the people who provide campaign contributions ; unions that might once have walked out to protest giant executive bonuses had been crushed by years of union busting .
Members of the Creative Class are drawn to such locations as `` BosWash , '' Silicon Valley , Seattle , and Austin for the high density of other members of the Creative Class ; for their toleration of lifestyle choices including ( and perhaps especially ) sexual openness ; and their highly developed technological infrastructures , as well as industries that create or employ cutting-edge technologies .
As Julia Whitty , Michael W. Robbins , and H. Bruce Franklin report in this issue , we are well along in the process of destroying that beneficent wilderness , and destroying , in the process , the ocean 's contribution to the health of our planet .
The cover-up has been so good that nothing has been done to change the extractionist loopholes created in 2000 , allowing credit insurance to be sold in private markets with little capital requirements and forcing ratings agencies to depend on the banks whose bonds they rate for payment to remain intact .
To pay for that shift , Gates dropped the ax on the Air Force 's beloved next-generation F-22 fighter jet ( price tag : $ 143 million apiece ) as well as the Navy 's DDG-1000 stealth destroyer ( about $ 2 billion ) and an ultra-high-tech Army modernization system slated to cost upward of $ 100 billion .
That attitude must send a chill down the spine of establishment Republicans given to scoffing at the `` nuts '' and `` conspiracy theory wackos '' that they claim dominate the Tea Party movement and to discounting any threat such a group would pose .
It 's the kind of affair that makes friends shake their heads and say they do not understand how she continues in such a hurtful , humiliating , destructive relationship .
This is dramatically evident in polls , which regularly show that the majority does n't approve of the serial wars in which the leadership 's engage ( including the attack on Libya ) , would prefer more infrastructure and educational expenditures and smaller `` defense '' outlays , are more worried about jobs than the deficit , and do not favor slashing Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security .
Filmmaker Robert Greenwald 's company , Brave New Films , created several short videos documenting the outrageous compensation and lavish lifestyles industry CEOs enjoy ( UnitedHealth 's Stephen Hemsley made $ 57,000 per day ) while millions of Americans go without insurance or bankrupt themselves with medical bills .
We are enemies to ourselves because we are hurting another country , killing our own men and women , and hurting our economy .
Abstract : The leaders are Senator Chuck Schumer 's four-part `` Middle-Class Opportunity Act , '' which has new child-tax credits , a new tax credit for college tuition , and a new credit for families caring for older parents ; and the Hillary Clinton-linked group , Third Way , which offers some of the same , plus a new-baby tax credit .
Moreover , Scowcroft insightfully notes that wars often create more problems than they solve .
Business interests and the wealthy had good reason to be terrified in 1896 : Many Americans were very angry about their situation .
It 's how we won on Senate Bill Five in the fall , people like you and me fighting for working people , '' she told a home health aide still in her floral medical smock , who agreed to sign up but declined to give money .
Resolving the Israeli-Palestinian dispute is an absolute prerequisite to stability in the Middle East , and although Iran has been no friend of the peace process , its very militancy could make it a uniquely valuable force if it could be enticed to moderate its position .
We have not always used that influence well ; we have often used it to advance some of our special interests , aiding and abetting the rent-seeking activities that play such a large role in the creation of inequalities .
Ginsburg , in a recent article defending workplace affirmative-action policies for women and promoting paid family leave and child care ( benefits this country still does not provide ) , encouraged the use of CEDAW as a justification for change .
Reformers began by attacking laws that prevented women whose lives were threatened or who were pregnant as a result of rape or incest from getting abortions .
Discussing Cheney en route to a Tea Party event in Paducah , Rand did not hesitate to voice his opinion about his Republican foes : `` They are the true neocons , they are ` conservative ' because they 're military hawks , but they are not conservative , because they are not fiscally conservative .
What makes that impossible is the underlying structural antagonism between capital and labor , emanating with insurmountable necessity from the class reality of antagonistic domination and subordination .
The inclusion of these families in child tax credit benefits was in the original Senate package but was stripped out in a late-night conference committee , reportedly to make room for more dividend and capital gains tax cuts for wealthier Americans .
Ironically , the supposedly supportive insurance industry , resentful that the drug companies and hospitals got an even better sweetheart deal , has begun publicly criticizing the bill .
If anything , they lowered them by making workers more vulnerable , creating a climate of fear in which union organizing was much harder .
Sample survey question ( agree or disagree ) : `` We should take advantage of all low-carbon energy sources , including nuclear , hydro and renewable energy , to produce the electricity we need while limiting greenhouse gas emissions .
Rising Treasury yields can only be a good thing , according to Krugman , since they imply that investors are putting their money into riskier , potentially more profitable financial instruments -- signaling that a recovery is on the way .
`` The ultimate challenge of the 21st century is to also use soft diplomacy and economic empowerment strategies in winning friends and allies in the Muslim world to the cause of freedom and democratic development .
The fact that China and Russia have accepted the consensus in the UN Security Council is tantamount to saying : `` We accept that you kill our economy and , in some ways , our commercial agreements with a third country .
We need an economic system that allows the poor to work their way out of poverty and allows entrepreneurs the freedom to create wealth for themselves and others .
Variants of the `` critical industry '' or `` too big to fail '' argument commit the cardinal fallacy of false economics , the failure to trace the consequence of a particular policy to its general and long-term effects , not merely its targeted short-term effects .
Other proposals have suggested lowering the maximum mortgage interest available for deduction rather than creating a tax credit .
Ann Friedman , noting that the number of women in public office has plateaued at an abysmally low level , outlines the systemic changes necessary to create a critical mass of female elected officials .
According to architect Edward Mazria , investing about $ 20 billion in building energy efficiency would save consumers $ 8.46 billion in energy bills annually ( a less than three-year payback ) , replace 22 coal-fired power plants , reduce annual C ( O.sub .2 ) emissions by the equivalent of taking almost 16 million cars off the road for a year -- and create more than 200,000 new jobs .
Earlier this year , an article in The Wall Street Journal on the closure of a Danish meatpacking plant illustrated how fluid labor markets and generous welfare supports produce a virtuous cycle .
The prudent and realistic path is to set up extensive testing of new models , to evaluate and document their impact , and to make midcourse corrections in the hope that the time will arrive when the public and the health-care system are both ready for changes that will allow America to do better for less .
But if we spend our health care money directly with multidisciplinary , targeted physician teams and health coaches , the system creates a naturally occurring incentive , transaction by transaction , to reward those who nurture health .
The important thing in politics these days is to sound sincere and appear to be kind and caring , even if your policies result in more poverty , more pain , and more people living without health insurance or hope .
But , with the Republican leadership making clear it wanted no piece of meaningful health care reform , few Republicans were interested in nego-tiating seriously .
These numbers are troubling not because living among poor people is somehow harmful in itself , but because concentrated high-poverty communities are far more likely to be cut off from quality schools , housing , health care , affordable consumer credit , and other pathways out of poverty .
His `` ten principles of good design '' encouraged budding designers to embrace innovation and make products that were useful but environmentally friendly , thorough but simple , easy to understand but long-lasting , honest but unobtrusive .
Some of the explosion of consumer debt was the result of overspending and poor financial planning , but much of it simply reflected the reality that families were taking on more risk -- shouldering a precarious burden of mortgage , credit card , and tuition-related debt -- without much higher earnings or a better public safety net to cushion the blow .
Quitting smoking , stopping alcohol abuse , eating a proper diet , and getting exercise are all relatively inexpensive ways to reduce the risk of costly medical care while improving overall health , fitness , and productivity .
That 's because the rich would n't use much of their tax cut to boost consumption .
As new superhighways sliced through various cities , they did great damage to those cities ' physical and social fabrics , often destroying neighborhoods , uprooting great numbers of the black and the poor , and eliminating hundreds of small businesses .
I offer a bolder alternative : President Kerry should direct his treasury secretary and chief economic adviser to use the mess President Bush created to pursue a bold and progressive tax reform that rewards work and expands the middle class .
A severe rebuttal came from the Boalt Hall Law School penologists Franklin Zimring and Gordon Hawkins , who argued in a 1988 article published by the National Council of Crime and Delinquency that Zedlewski overstated the net benefit of incarceration by inflating the numerator ( crimes per offender and social costs per crime ) and deflating the denominator ( annual cost of confinement ) .
Rather than create jobs , according to the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Permanent Investigations , the proceeds from the tax holiday were used by multinational corporations to pay more to their executives and stockholders while they cut more jobs in the United States .
But the U.S. banking sector resisted the suggestion that regulation be extended to protect consumers , in spite of its terrible record of bad lending and poor credit practices before the crisis , which had led to widespread public support for an agency to do so .
But it is Sopai 's contempt for the sovereignty of neighboring tribes , the property rights of international logging companies , and his threats to wipe Peru off the map that trigger the alarm bells of freedom .
New York University professor Jeremy Waldron said that other countries may not be wrong `` when they say that a liberal democracy must take affirmative responsibility for protecting the atmosphere of mutual respect against certain forms of vicious attack .
Early steps can also be taken to raise the two vital supports for low-wage workers-the minimum wage and Earned Income Tax Credit-and to strengthen the right of workers to organize and bargain collectively . )
Abstract : ( ... ) a range of public policies helped facilitate this economic mobility and opportunity : a strong minimum wage , grants for low-income students to go to college , generously subsidized state college tuition , a reliable unemployment insurance system , enforcement of the right to join a union , major incentives for homeownership , and a solid safety net for those falling on hard times .
Despairing of substantial relief from any other quarter , the people are now looking with anxious solicitude and hope , to the wisdom and direction of the Legislature of their own choice ( their state legislature ) ; and seem confident that some mode may be devised to remove the pressure under which they are at present suffering .
Given the effects of worsening socioeconomic conditions on public education , any reference to closing the achievement gap that does not centrally address the wider social problems and their effect on schools represents a cruel hoax .
In fact warnings of a housing bubble and the threat of a severe financial collapse in the four years leading up to the crisis were so numerous as to make it difficult , if not impossible , to catalogue them all .
`` The bottom line is that all religions , not just Islam , are potentially dangerous -- and they are dangerous precisely to the extent that their adherents take their sacred scriptures seriously , for the simple reason that reliance on revelation rather than evidence undermines the possibility of rational discussion , '' he writes .
A Bush plan that cuts Social Security benefits in order to finance risky speculation in the stock market-while adding $ 2 trillion to the national debt over 10 years-would require a much more tortured explanation by any senator or representative foolhardy enough to vote for it .
While they fight for us , almost like a mercenary army drawn from the young and the restless poor , the children of wealth and privilege never have to worry .
A military hero , Reagan-era secretary of the Navy , and author of widely praised war novels , Webb has exactly the kind of CV that makes Republicans ( of which he was one until recently ) very , very nervous .
The financial crisis through which we are still living was in large measure caused , in Ferguson 's view , by a generation of bankers who deliberately abandoned Warburg 's ideal , which preferred the client relationship over the speculative transaction and the secured loan , generating income through fees for advice , rather than a participant 's profits on deals , or the interest charged on lending .
And reader barry Johnson touts the ancillary benefits of Florida 's approach : `` I live in a city that is an ` attractof of the creative class , a city that Florida mentions frequently in his books , ft turns out that the better our city is - the more tolerant , open , creative , democratic , educated , diverse , inclusive - the more it attracts young creatives .
And the beauty of the agrofuel boom was it would have all these beneficial effects without causing any real changes in how people live or any questioning of an economic system that by its very nature must keep on growing .
Most of the largely right-wing interest groups and politicians sounding the alarm over pensions hope that by attacking the benefits of public-sector employees , they will weaken public-sector unions and undermine confidence in state government , furthering both their political ambitions and smallgovernment ideology .
And it 's precisely a concern for our future security that motivates the growing movement to confront climate change and begin the transition to a new energy economy , which would also have the happy effect of reducing our dependence on foreign oil .
We created for the banks ( and other corporations , like AIG ) a much stronger safety net than we created for poor Americans .
The Supreme Court , in a five-to-four decision , found that the preference constituted discrimination and violated the equal protection component of the due process clause of the Constitution .32 The result was correct , and a welcome relief from the discrimination against white males practiced , egregiously , in the name of equality .
It begins with an assessment of how ordinary people fell victim to the abuses of a predatory system and then moves into several takes on regulatory remedies .
The liberal challenge is to make sure that day never comes -- to protect capitalism once again , not merely from new radicals who might attack it , but from a new Gilded Age right that sings capitalism 's praises while eroding the moral foundation that permits it to endure . ''
All through the '20s , Strong , at the behest of Norman , who traveled frequently to New York to cement the relationship , kept the Fed pumping new dollars into the economy , with most Americans oblivious to the fact that the artificial economic boom thereby created was a consequence of Benjamin Strong 's desire to please the British banking establishment .
No : here , as everywhere , a governing class would rule , but the members of the class would be directly or indirectly elected by a fraction of the adult population for fixed terms of office and would thus be competing for popular favor ( albeit elite popular favor ) and therefore be answerable to public opinion ( or at least to elite public opinion ) .
Curiously , some liberals now hold the failure of the reform effort in 1993-1994 against Sen. Clinton , arguing that in reaction to that debacle she has become all too flexible-too accommodating to the health-care industry and gun-shy about fighting for universal health care .
Add to those risky creations the shadowy market in insurance of the same securities via credit-default swaps , and the flagrant conflicts of interest and shaky pyramids of debt that developed around them .
Beyond monitoring how the government is mopping up after the financial crisis , Warren is pushing a proposal that could help prevent the next one : creating a Financial Product Safety Commission to protect consumers from abusive lenders .
Again , in the Asian currency panic of the late 1990s , Greenspan intervened aggressively to make sure that financial institutions following their own narrow self-interests did not trigger a credit crunch .
In other words , just as it is easier to make profits at the expense of disenfranchised external parties than through socially productive behavior , it is often easier for a small group of sellers to make profits by restricting supply than producing the socially efficient amount of their product .
Having been so long without proper food , a bath , and change of clothing , I did not , of course , make a very favourable impression upon her , and I could see at once that there were doubts in her mind about the wisdom of admitting me as a student .
What is most striking about the demands of the recent revolutionary uprisings across the Middle East is that they are overwhelmingly secular , universal demands for freedom , human rights , and economic justice ; not fanatical cries to impose a supreme leader , nor fundamentalist calls to holy warfare .
Romanticism , especially in the fashion of Babbitt 's bete noir , Jean-Jacques Rousseau , posits an innocent human nature -- `` born free and everywhere in chains '' -- and accuses society of creating the misery that afflicts us all .
Many farmers are also using integrated food\/energy systems and generate their own sources of energy using human and animal labor , biogas , and windmills , in addition to producing biofuel crops such as jatrophaintercropped with cassava .
Proponents note the procedural safeguards built into the Oregon system-most importantly a full registry of digitized signatures that election officials cross-check against voters ' signatures on ballot envelopes-that neither exist in the traditional system nor depend for their effectiveness on the honesty and civic virtue of voters .
While `` merit pay '' is a code word for evaluating teachers based upon their students ' test scores-and is roundly rejected by both major teachers ' unions - `` differentiated pay '' awards salary bonuses to every teacher when the school 's overall academic performance improves , or offers extra pay for teaching hard-to-staff subjects , working in rough schools , or taking on responsibilities such as mentoring new teachers .
But once they get married , they need the example of loving and giving parents who care for each other and share all things in common with themselves , rather than hoarding important assets for exclusively personal use .
Before Brown and Darling arrived in the United States in late September to promote the plan , the British newspaper The Guardian said that they are calling for `` a stronger international regulatory system , based around an early-warning system run by the IMF '' and that they want to `` create an international consensus for a tougher global system of regulation .
Their preservation of the great works and traditions of Western civilization , including the traditions of rationality and skepticism , have been crucial to the growth of individual freedom , respect for the rule of law , and scientific progress .
LOIS AHRENS : Initially , my goal was to create useful materials for organizers working to challenge and change punitive and destructive drug policies , activists opposing the building of new prisons and jails , as well as educators , and health workers .
But trickle-up economics says that we should cut off the top of the mountain , bring the water down to the village , and watch as it magically defies gravity and somehow trickles back up to the top .
RICHARD DAWKINS 'S The God Delusion and Daniel Dennett 's Breaking the Spell : Religion as a Natural Phenomenon argue that religion is a delusion or , at best , a misfiring of basic cognitive systems evolved for other more useful purposes like `` agent detection '' and placebo responding .
The domestic servant may be underpaid and overworked by prevailing standards , and thus severely exploited ; the fact of exploitation does not imply the creation of surplus value .
`` After all that 's happened , after the worst economic crisis , the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression , they want to return to the same practices that got us into this mess .
Nevertheless , the central failures of his approach are that it assigns value to the natural environment and human well-being using standard economic measures that are fundamentally inadequate for this purpose , and that it fails properly to incorporate the possibility that an ecological collapse could utterly undermine the economy , and indeed the world as we know it .
Clinton succeeded at both ends because he advanced an activist agenda that provided benefits to average families while confronting all of the arguments conservatives use against Democrats .
Recent reports from the Pew Charitable Trusts and the Natural Resources Defense Council project that , as a result of global warming , U.S. gross domestic product in 2100 will be between 0.6 percent and 3.6 percent lower than it would otherwise have been , thanks to stronger hurricanes , rising sea levels , droughts , and the like .
The village elders ' opposition to the ownership society , however , makes sense when you remember that they consider a large percentage of our population to be essentially helpless : they 're not going to worry about how to empower the poor to build wealth , to access the capital that can make them part of the American dream .
`` Potential terrorists use advanced communications technology , often involving the internet to reach a worldwide audience with relative anonymity and at a low cost , '' UNODC Executive Director Yury Fedotov said in releasing the report , citing arguments long relied upon by the Communist Chinese dictatorship to justify its Orwellian censorship of the Internet .
Since the FDA requires only that these drugs be `` safe '' and more effective than a placebo , and since there are few or no head-to-head studies to compare the relative safety and effectiveness of all these `` me-too 's '' at equivalent doses , each of these markets is open to exploitation and to further expansion through aggressive marketing by the drug manufacturers .
Since taking office , Rendell has overseen the first state-level investments in pre-K , and been a stalwart champion for increasing that investment , but there has been a learning process here , too , about how to create a system for funding pre-K that everyone can agree on .
( The least modern -- though perhaps most prescient -- aspect of Brandeis 's thought was his contempt for the consumer , whom he viewed as `` servile , self-indulgent , indolent , ignorant , '' and easily manipulated by advertising -- the very opposite of the engaged citizen .
The first change is to channel our anger into energy and convert our helplessness into hope .
In it , economist Austan Goolsbee blasts Bush mainly for the size of the deficit , yet says next to nothing about its causes or uses ( tax cuts for the rich , increased war spending , reduced social outlay ) .
It has fed on an easy hatred of government and taxes , from the `` I 'm Mad as Hell '' chants of the California tax protesters in 1978 - the spirit that helped get Ronald Reagan elected president - to the Tea Party of today .
Enter the Fed 's last desperate gamble : that a rising stock market would serve as a public-relations proxy for the real economy and that a rise in household stock portfolios would trigger the wealth effect -- that is , the wealth created by a temporarily rising stock market would prompt consumers to start borrowing and spending freely .
This makes sense given that the protests are a response to the perceived cheating , lawbreaking , and greed of the major financial firms .
But as he acknowledges , addressing stereotype threat will not affect the underlying problems of poverty , lack of access to good schooling , or estrangement from profitable social networks and other forms of social capital .
Currently , federal law is structured in a way that discourages districts from accepting low-income students : No Child Left Behind rewards schools based on test scores , which tend to be higher for middleclass kids than for low-income ones .
The effort is broadly persuasive , though weakened by the occasional glaring exceptions ( for example , the expansion of the American social safety net during the Great Depression ) and important caveats ( `` The relationship is not exact ... since economic growth or its absence is hardly the only influence affecting social and political development .
And despite predictions that soaking the rich would sap their entrepreneurial energies and cause them to report less income , the highest revenue growth came from those same rich who were supposed to be adversely affected .
What Obama wrote speaks volumes about his political philosophy and independent streak : '' ... to the degree that we brook no dissent within the Democratic Party , and demand fealty to the one , ` true ' progressive vision for the country , we risk the very thoughtfulness and openness to new ideas that are required to move this country forward .
In 1976 Ivan the Terrible , a summer replacement sitcom created by Alan King , depicted impoverished Muscovites suffering deprivations and corny bread line jokes while living in a cramped one-bedroom apartment .
However , the report noted that , `` Deaths were not classified as being due to coalition forces if households had any uncertainty about the responsible party ; consequently , the number of deaths and the proportion of violent deaths attributable to coalition forces could be conservative estimates .
Indeed , Marxist value theory maintains that many firms supposedly generating value added are engaged in nonproduction activities like finance and administration that produce no value at all .
The stimulus served as a mere precursor to the major battle over Obama 's budget , which represents a once-in-a-generation chance for the Democratic Party to reshape the priorities of the federal government -- to reduce America 's unsustainable carbon emissions and reform its bloated , cruel health care system .
Goldman Sachs made hundreds of millions showing the Greeks how to cheat , and now the pensions of the poor are being cut so Greeks can show that their house is in order .
Democrats will be making the kinds of connections that Bush never has , and they will be acquiring wedge issues of their own that they can use against an administration whose repeated favors for corporate donors and the very richest Americans make it supremely vulnerable to arguments built around fairness and vision .
Molyneux then examines public-opinion polls to find that when Obama and the Democrats reframe the debate around the purpose of government - to provide secure retirements or to gut them in favor of tax cuts for the rich - Obama and the Democrats do very well .
Abstract : Democrats have been stumbling on education policy for years , fracturing the progressive coalition , tainting the party brand , creating undeserved political opportunities for Republicans , and , worst of all , standing in the way of school reforms that primarily benefit low-income and minority children .
( The candid , but radical , argument that both federal and state health care mandates violate the liberty of contract by '' ( c ) oercing commercial transactions '' seems to appear in only one of the Supreme Court briefs -- the one filed by the libertarian Institute for Justice .
The price of fossil fuels needs to reflect both the consequences of their use and the interests of the future in having a residual supply on hand for purposes that can not be easily replaced .
Critics contend the administration has ignored more difficult , yet proven school reforms , such as efforts to integrate schools , thus guaranteeing that fewer classrooms are overwhelmed by the challenges of poverty and racial isolation .
In Tom DeLay 's Houston district and Bob Ney 's east Ohio district , the opportunity has arisen primarily because the incumbent Republican has been forced out by scandal ; Democrats may win , but they will have difficulty retaining these seats .
At the broadest level , it means debt reduction partially through higher taxes : allowing all of the Bush tax cuts to expire , while also adding new sources of revenue , ideally including some form of carbon tax ( a measure which , in addition to helping to balance the government 's books , might have the added benefit of helping to save the planet ) .
The blessing is that the abundance of natural resources is not being threatened or even destroyed by the survival needs of huge numbers of poor people , as in Haiti or El Salvador .
Even though the right promotes the very policies that brought the poverty , it uses fiery rhetoric and stokes decades of resentment , which keep the poorer sectors voting for its candidates ( not unlike the Republican Party poaching working-class support from the Democrats ) .
This has been the preferred solution of the right , which has argued for a move toward high-deductible care , in which individuals bear more financial risk and vulnerability .
Over the last eleven years , juvenile violent crime has increased 48 percent .28 I 've counted at least fourteen different murderous gun sprees at academic settings across our nation since 2000 , resulting in at least sixty fatalities and dozens more wounded .
The American Environics data provide the critical missing link that should allow progressives to reach out more confidently to voters who share with them common values and concerns about the direction of the nation .
But as a clinical psychologist who has worked with abused people for more than 25 years , it does not surprise me to see that when we as individuals or a society eat crap for too long , we become psychologically too weak to take action .
So if we are serious about creating jobs , if we are serious about making sure our economy can be competitive in the global economy , we have to be watching what other countries are doing , and they are investing far more than we are .
The Jeffersonians ' `` democracy , '' the Federalists argued , was in fact an aristocracy , imposed on honest farmers , merchants , mechanics , and the rest of the decent majority by self-serving adventurers who stirred up the mob in order to upset the harmonious natural order of things .
The gay-marriage effort has been a cause as well as an effect in this change : while same-sex marriage is disturbing to many Americans , it is reassuring to others , suggesting as it does loyalty to a middle-class ideal .
Securing their `` autonomy '' in Northern Iraq is usually sold as one of the big successes of the invasion -- no security problems , economy beginning to thrive , a fine place for journalists who want to report `` good '' news .
Criticism of the project was leveled against the Texas Department of Transportation 's ( TxDOT ) bullying , using `` eminent domain '' to confiscate private property , and the almost incomprehensible revelation that revenues from the toll-only roads would be returned to a foreign private company , Cintra ( Spain ) , for its share in helping develop the project , amongst numerous other reasons .
Michael Wessel , who advises the steel workers ' union , says that the bad economy provided an opportunity to use job creation as an argument for climate legislation but also exacerbated the strains in the labor-environmental alliance .
Heck , when I interviewed two teachers union leaders for my most recent Stupid in America TV special , I was surprised to learn that both attended private schools and were grateful for the good education .
The company differs from the failed suppliers of mass-transit systems because it has grown up in a very competitive environment , teamed with a Czech firm to gain access to stateof-the-art designs , and has the necessary systems-integration skills from its history of developing nuclear , defense , and renewable energy as well as other advanced product lines .
Let the unemployment rate hit 10 percent , let our pension funds lose their value , and suddenly we no longer thrill to hear about the fabulous lifestyles of the wealthy , the amazing earnings of the investment bankers , or the wonderful cars and homes and private planes that fill the hearts of tycoons with joy .
Certainly in view of everything else he writes in this book about democracy creating servile subjects , it is hard to contextualize his statements about how we have seen the `` triumph of personal freedom '' unequaled in human history .
He 'll be chairing a congressional commission investigating the roots of the financial crisis , modeled on the famous Pecora Commission that plumbed Wall Street 's depths after the Great Crash of 1929 and helped produce the Securities and Exchange Commission .
South Africa displays the several dangers that accompany a faltering state , when justice and social-control methods are ceded to the private sector-to private security firms , to vigilante groups , to simple mob justice-and democracy becomes an empty promise because of the dystopian viciousness of everyday life .
On consumer finance , the revolt happened years ago when middle-class borrowers broke up with their lenders over credit-card abuses , deceptive mortgages , and ridiculous overdraft fees .
But , contrary to the public consensus that the stimulus utterly failed , the consensus of economic analysts is that it created or saved between two million and three million jobs compared to the number that would have been lost without it .
Thus , while some changes have been made in the system of subsidies for agrofuels , the general thrust in the direction of using agricultural crops and land to produce feedstock for ethanol production has been increased .
First , government plays an important role through such policies as family and housing allowances , universal health care , pensions , and tax credits .
And `` once we think positively about the State as a source of legitimate , useful activity , '' why , we can get about the serious business of the state paying `` those people performing useful labor in families , mothers caring for children , adults caring for aged parents .
The narrow-minded rationality of the capitalist market , with its short-term calculus of profit and loss , is intrinsically contradictory to the rationality of the living environment , which operates in terms of long , natural cycles . ''
The resulting global warming kills Amazonian trees through a combination of increased temperature and decreased rainfall .
If evolution is improvement and improvement is good , and if the good of the many outweighs the good of the few , it makes sense to facilitate evolution .
The dead are victims of free trade and neoliberal economic policies that have destroyed rural communities , causing a virtual forced march to the U.S. and maquiladora sweatshops in a hunt for jobs .
Eliminating unneeded weapons systems like the F\/A -22 Raptor plane , the Virginia Class submarine , the DD ( X ) destroyer , and the V-22 Osprey helicopter could generate more than enough funds to finance needed increases in special forces and peacekeeping missions .
Still , as backlash reactions like the attack on the International Women 's Day protest have set in , activists on women 's issues and progressives are wondering how to ensure that women 's gains not be rolled back .
Our intent with The Rich and the Rest of Us is to make us think about the pervasiveness of poverty , its real causation , and the threat it poses to our democracy .
The more important point is perhaps that the original Tea Party movement , started by Ron Paul supporters prior to the 2008 election , was not created to bring electoral victory to Republican clones of the big-spending Democrats .
A recent Democracy Corps poll found that helping the neediest and expanding opportunities are still among the party 's strongest positive attributes , behind only equal rights and environmental protection .
She realizes she hates being told what to do by her parents and teachers , especially when she thinks the rules are stupid or being used solely for authoritarian control .
By contrast , as Noam Chomsky notes , the pre-capitalist , chief architect of the American Federal Constitution , James Madison , recognized the same age-old conflict between rich and poor , but proposed the exact opposite solution , arguing , in effect to let the systemic inequalities in American society remain , and reduce the scope of popular participation in government .
The Taft-Hartley Act of 1947 had rolled back union protections ; the subsequent decline , in numbers and power , of labor unions would change the course of liberalism , as its strongest force for economic populism lost political influence both within the movement and in the wider world .
As usual , then , government intervention into the market caused unintended , undesired consequences , but politicians blame the HMOs instead of the interventions that helped create them .
He writes sarcastically that he must have been absent from Sunday school the day the lesson included Jesus ' teachings about securing `` greater economic advantages for the affluent , '' depriving the poor `` of a living wage , '' and despoiling the environment by `` sacrificing it on the altar of free enterprise .
Just as a parasite that kills its host is a biological failure , so ruling classes that destroy their own productive base are clearly political failures .
Chinese ecological Marxists should not , therefore , treat ecological Marxism as a foreign dogma to be worshipped but a living method with which to analyze and solve the serious problems facing China such as the environmental problem , the Foxconn suicide tragedy ,28 and the gap between the rich and poor .
Unfortunately , the Journal ignored the second element of Illinois ' pension fund liability gap : how much of that gap was due to losses on bad investments .
`` The disparity of fortune between the rich and the poor , '' Plutarch remarked , `` had reached its height , so that the city seemed to be in a truly dangerous condition , and no other means for freeing it from disturbances ... seemed possible but a despotic power .
There are societies that have managed things far better , even in a world where market forces and the dominant policy paradigm lead to substantial inequality because of differences in ability , effort , and luck .
Robbed of those who would have otherwise signaled the impending assailment on the freedom of the press , Americans will more easily be led down the soft-sloping , gradual decline leading toward absolute subjection to an all-powerful feudal federal authority .
It 's now a bipartisan policy to create courts out of thin air to convict terrorist suspects , which leads to the obvious and justifiable charge that these would be kangaroo courts .
We can no longer look at the energy economy as a constellation of discrete sectors that can be manipulated separately ; everything is tied together , which means that fixing a problem in one part of the system all but invariably creates a new problem , or a whole series of problems , somewhere else .
When a consumer buys , for example , gardening tools and materials , a positive externality is experienced by others in the community as the consumer uses the tools to make an attractive garden , which everyone in the community can enjoy and benefit from .
They can , in fact , defend the lower standard of living their policies are creating by declaring that lower wages and benefits are actually making America more competitive in a global marketplace .
They even managed to gain overwhelming popular support for repeal of the estate tax-perhaps the nation 's most progressive tax , affecting less than 2 percent of the wealthiest few-by renaming it the `` death tax '' and peddling a big lie about protecting family farms and small businesses .
To Frank , however , Washington is the yin to Kansas ' yang , and if heartland voters ignore their interests in favor of voting on `` values , '' conservatives inside the Beltway have no commitment to values except greed .
Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah , as a result , recently announced his intention to stop confronting Siniora and agreed to rely on elections to change the political equation in Lebanon .
Yet , as Josh Fox traveled the country , becoming increasingly engrossed in the vastness of the domestic drilling industry and the problems it creates , he documented how people living near gas wells are suffering water contamination , air pollution , and numerous health problems that crop up after fracking .
If large corporations had access to credit markets but smaller businesses were unable to pursue investment opportunities because they could not get bank credit , then we would expect to see large corporations expanding aggressively in order to gain market share at the expense of their credit-constrained smaller competitors .
Their incessant battle against new taxes , coupled with demands for tax cuts , have resulted in massive budget deficits that threaten the economy and the viability of government , both of which we are all utterly dependent on .
Since World War II , this country has turned higher education into not only a mass-market product but the best hope of achieving a middle-class income .
We can , therefore , understand the reasons why the 2008 financial collapse was the result of a sharpening of the internal contradictions peculiar to the accumulation of capital .
Because the economy must remain in continual motion , Jevons disregarded sustainable sources of energy , such as water and wind , as unreliable , limited to a particular time and location .26 Coal offered capital a universal energy source to operate production , without disruption of business patterns .
We need so many new solutions and our problems and challenges are so diverse and so difficult that every citizen should feel empowered to challenge the old order and to help develop new solutions .
And the opposite is also true : If the market does not value the natural products of the forest sufficiently , the poor migrants who settle there will cut down the forest and use the land for farming or raising cattle .
Over the conservative airwaves , every disagreement is a fight to the death , and everyone with a different opinion must have sinister motives .
Partly because of that pressure , the World Bank now argues that economic growth alone is not sufficient to overcome poverty as long as existing political and economic systems favor the rich over the poor .
The influential 1966 report , Equality of Educational Opportunity , led many researchers to the dispiriting conclusion that what happens inside the schoolhouse does n't affect achievement ; the decisive influences are the wealth of a student 's family and the wealth of his or her classmates ' families .
( The Stanley case was argued by attorney Patrick T. Murphy , who not only persuaded the U.S. Supreme Court to ditch the legal benefits of marriage in Stanley , but years later would help persuade a state agency to return a three-year-old to his abusive mother , who later hanged the boy .
Dutch consumers do n't have to worry about paying a lot of money for their health care , even if they are sick , in part because the insurance has very little cost-sharing-and in part because the government continues to play a strong role in setting prices , although it 's been gradually relaxing them .
As a starting point , the Earned Income Tax Credit could be made a better source of income insurance , keeping families afloat when economic disasters strike , rather than a retroactive tax refund for the working poor .
But from New York to Philadelphia , from Seattle to Los Angeles , Occupiers were joined ( or infiltrated , in the eyes of some ) by activists talking up the benefits of a truly freed market , without government giveaways to favored interests or central bank manipulations of the economy .
While occasionally recognizing ( and dismissing ) that loss of freedom , critics of a voluntary-based charity system argue that without the creation of government-wide programs readily available to all , the basic needs of the poor will not be satisfactorily met .
This has led to global climate destabilization , the poisoning of the entire web of life with toxic chemicals , and a foreign policy that requires sustained hostilities in the Middle East and support for undemocratic regimes wherever there are remaining gas and oil reserves .
As a rule , Lipset observed , leftist parties won over less affluent voters by emphasizing `` the need for security of income , '' `` the need for satisfying work , '' and `` the need for status , for social recognition of one 's value and freedom from degrading discrimination in social relations .
Do n't forget , too , that it 's arguably the central role of these private insurers in the new drug benefit that has made it such a mess to implement these past few weeks .
We thank the Ford Foundation for supporting our work on good jobs and economic development , and The Atlantic Philanthropies for supporting our work on immigration .
Consumption by individuals , based on the amount of their wealth ( purchasing power ) , increases the political power of the businesses that benefit most from a system based on private profit , and therefore always relegates collective needs to second place .
`` Trayvon 's life has been lost not because of an accident , but because of the easy access to a gun by a violent person permitted by a state with weak gun laws .
ywinski sent Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke a letter in 2007 lobbying for more regulation of subprime lenders , arguing that stronger rules were needed to protect community hanks from the unfair competition that attracted their customers with false promises of easy money .
State Treasurers Denise Napier of Connecticut and Phil Angelides of California acknowledge their fiduciary responsibility as trustees of their state pension systems , pushing the companies in which they invest to make sure the threat of climate change does not jeopardize their states ' investments .
In this telling , school vouchers are taxpayer subsidies that may end up socializing private schools ; `` free trade '' pacts are really government-managed trade agreements rather than genuine free trade ; contemporary mass immigration , as libertarian theorist Hans-Hermann Hoppe has argued , is more akin to forced integration than the free movement of people ; the doctrine of incorporation is constitutional buncombe .
families lost $ 7 trillion in stock wealth during the recession that followed .9 Those nearing retirement age face frightening prospects as it stands , with the value of their homes and IRAs in the tank , but they would have been truly screwed if not for the modest but guaranteed income afforded by Social Security .
That argument had some merit , but the assault-weapons ban did have one critical provision ; It prohibited the manufacture of gun magazines holding more than ten rounds . )
The money would flow to research on how to make renewable energy sources more economically competitive , how to make dirty energy sources cleaner , and much else .
Romney also supported a ban on assault weapons and was generally to McCain 's left on gun control .
When he passed from praising Burke to chastising him , Hazlitt observed that `` the poison of high example has by far the widest range of destruction .
Even hedonists in America have a hard time viewing simple pleasure as a legitimate pursuit : marijuana-legalization activists want to ease the suffering of people with glaucoma ; swinging couples approach nonswinger couples because the lifestyle is a great way to enhance a marriage ; casinos create new tax revenues that states can turn around and spend on schools .
Elsewhere , the Financial Times reported that , `` America discovered class war '' in the finance crisis , thanks to wealth inequality becoming `` a Grand Canyon '' ( `` Bosses ' Greed Releases Class Politics Genie , '' 9\/25\/08 ) .
Supporters of federal health care reform argue that the problems associated with these regulations can be addressed with the addition of an individual mandate , a requirement that everyone purchase health insurance .
Consider the 2011 #DearJohn twitter campaign , launched by two creative young feminists , Sady Doyle and Amanda Marcotte , when House Republicans tried to narrow the definition of rape and incest for Medicaid coverage of abortions .
`` No free economy functions without an independent , efficient justice system and no reforms are successful if they are implemented without control and the criticism that only democracy permits .
Public schools will get better and actually provide an education for the children who attend them , when , as occurred with the Southern freedom movement , the people at the bottom , those who have been written off as apathetic , too ignorant or hopeless , begin to make demands .
More important , he never understood that jobs and health care matter as much as ( and sometimes more than ) war and peace-or that his laissez-faire nostrums and hands-off economic management struck voters as cluelessness or , worse , indifference .
Between 1967 and 1972 , 13 states adopted reforms , mostly permitting abortion if the life or health ( physical or mental ) of a pregnant woman was endangered , if she were the victim of rape or incest , or if the fetus had major physical or mental defects .
She made a pathetic attempt to charm the family back in Pakistan -- on one humanitarian venture she managed to `` drop by '' their house , an act of ostentatiously casual informality which proves that the humiliating `` pop-in '' that the Seinfeld characters used to mock knows no boundaries of class .
But America tends to cut nations like China a great deal of slack , partly because we need their help geopolitically and partly because the current , business-dominated administration has no problems with U.S.-based firms moving cheap production to China .
Over that period , Congress systematically cut tax rates for the rich , allowed certain income to be excluded , and enabled the wealthy to funnel vast amounts of money through loopholes .
Promoting preventive care is widely seen as a good way to reduce health-care costs , which makes regular gynecological care especially important ; annual `` well woman '' exams are preventive in nature .
These are precisely the kinds of events where free speech and the freedom to protest need protection the most : when influential figures make high-level decisions with far-reaching consequences .
The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual ; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction , more able or more fortunate than his competitors , turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation , on the ruins of public liberty .
The 2006 bill concedes the problems children have in singleparent homes , but it also acknowledges the role poverty might play in the creation of those homes , citing high rates of unemployment , low wages , and domestic violence as primary reasons marriages break up and fathers are n't involved in their children 's Uves .
And since entrusting our health care to the private sector had allowed both unconscionable profits for the insurers and lousy service for sick people , the debate has traditionally taken a populist tone .
They are vilified , and in many states there are explicit attempts to undermine them , but there is no recognition of the important role that they can play in countervailing other special interests and in defending the basic social protections that are necessary if workers are to accept change and to adjust to the changing economic environment .
The consequences of these actions have become a silent war , felt most severely in the poorest parts of the United States , where low-income families are desperately clutching onto the bottom rungs of the failing economy .
A pair of high-profile political assassinations and the launch of the Zapatista rebellion gave hints of a society in turmoil , despite the impression of a Mexican economy that seemed to hum along very nicely .
NOW 's Gandy said that even pro-choice lawmakers mistakenly fall victim to arguments that restrictions do n't hurt women .
Alternatively , there would undoubtedly be a large number of ISPs who would not only want to avoid the administrative burden of being forced into the role of Internet cop , but who would also rightly regard the risks of providing Internet access as outweighing the benefits .
Abstract : The big plant outside of town that used to produce trailer truck beds is a rare success story , having been taken over by German electronics firm Siemens to produce blades for wind generators , part of the small but growing local non-ethanol green energy sector .
Thus , while unions exist to negotiate better terms for workers under capitalism , the additional goal for revolutionaries is always to strengthen the fighting capacity of the working class , with the aim of expanding and deepening revolutionary leadership among rank-and-file workers .
His looks make him easy to pick out in a crowd of Irishmen , which is useful since ( Ken Loach ) does n't adequately distinguish between the supporting characters .
Joffe then turned President Reagan 's dictum about `` peace through strength '' on its head by arguing that `` a great power must carry great burdens or else it stops being one . ''
The pharmaceutical industry was initially reluctant to introduce generic drugs to common consumers , and it sent lobbyists and campaign contributions to legislators who were sympathetic to its cause , while spreading misinformation that generics were of lower quality and less effective than brand-name products .
For Robison and Barton , the recession offered the ideal opportunity to spread that word and argue that big government had caused the economic calamity because it was `` against God .
After calling on the rich capitalist countries to give the less-developed world an unspecified number of dollars because of the rich countries ' high levels of carbon-dioxide emissions , Chavez then insisted that socialism was the path to saving the planet , adding , `` Capitalism is the road to hell , to the destruction of the Earth .
Government loans provide immediate benefit to certain privileged groups , while depriving capital to other groups , resulting in a net loss to the nation as a whole .
To say the least , it would be a long and difficult process that would be bitterly opposed by the private insurance industry and its friends and by all those who fear a `` government takeover '' and cling to the groundless belief that the free market can best govern the health-care system .
The entertainment industry will battle ferociously against restraints , one segment of it because its economic interests would be directly threatened , the rest because , to avoid thinking , they have become absolutists about First Amendment freedoms .
Charming and generous , adept at cultivating the powerful but with a fine eye for younger talent , Locke knew everyone , was a tireless organizer of educational programs , musical productions , publishing and lecture series , and awards dinners , while chairing countless editorial , foundation , and fellowship boards .
By attempting to pin the blame for the attacks of September 11 on the American Civil Liberties Union , abortion-rights groups , pagans , gay men and lesbians , and federal judges , Falwell not only exposed himself for what he was ( hateful , divisive , mean-spirited ) , but he also exposed Christian fundamentalism for what it is ( hateful , divisive , mean-spirited ) .
When we secured all that bad debt , we privatized the profits of investment banks ( the banks get to keep the profits ) and socialized the losses ( the American people get the losses ) .
The early 2000s seemed to most people still another new era , this one based on the seemingly magical conjunction of low interest rates with low inflation , rising asset values , and new financial instruments that were believed to enable greater lending and borrowing with less risk .
The fault line that emerged was over the treatment of carried interest , the `` hedge fund loophole , '' which allowed partners in investment firms to have their compensa-tion -- typically , a 20 percent cut of profits -- taxed at the 15 percent capital gains rate instead of the 35 percent top rate for ordinary income .
There 's a good reason why you know this story , thanks to a decade-long campaign by Republicans , tobacco companies , and the insurance industry to awaken Americans to the dangers of `` lawsuit abuse '' and out-of-control juries . ''
Thus , in addition to the benefits of making work more family friendly and improving the quality of life , there are also environmental reasons for preferring that people take the benefits of productivity growth in the form of more leisure rather than income .
Democrats have been stumbling on education policy for years , fracturing the progressive coalition , tainting the party brand , creating undeserved political opportunities for Republicans , and , worst of all , standing in the way of school reforms that primarily benefit low-income and minority children .
In fact , days before the book was available , its argument that Palestinians suffer `` abominable oppression and persecution '' at the hands of the Israelis was dismissed outright by Democratic Party leaders Nancy Pelosi and Howard Dean , as though it might harm their party in the midterm elections .
By stressing solidarity with middle-class interests and values and demonstrating a greater willingness to resist labor-union pressure and endorse free trade , Clinton was able to repackage the Democratic brand in a way that proved to be marginally attractive in 1992 and reasonably popular in succeeding years .
Movements should welcome diversity of all kinds as much as possible , but not at the expense of growth , and create movement relations that sustain members and deepen commitment rather than frustrating members .
At the same time , income support programs , including unemployment benefits , food stamps , welfare , and Social Security , came under assault with the consequence that benefits have been steadily chipped away for forty years .
Americans have seen the number of guns in private hands continue to rise -- and the number of states that pretty much allow any law-abiding citizen to carry concealed weapons reach over 40 .
One huge 2011 poll , done for the QMI Agency by Leger Marketing , showed that the Conservative attack ads had radically affected public opinion in a number of key Canadian election battlegrounds .
The only difficulty with this mythology is that , while we are constantly told that the world is increasingly being governed by competition and market forces , the real world of business and industry is moving rapidly away from such free competition , as concentration , domination , and control of most economic activities has become common place .
It seeks to end the `` too big to fail '' phenomenon by creating a new `` Financial Stability Regulatory Council '' to identify `` systemic risks , '' in the hope of preventing companies from becoming too big to fail , as well as empowering the Federal Reserve to supervise the largest and most complex mega-banks to help them understand systemic risks .
They do n't think about the Court 's effect on the issues that most directly affect the majority of them on a daily basis-health and retirement security , workplace fairness and equal opportunity , consumer protection and product safety .
Recently , energy companies like Chevron and BP have launched extensive `` green '' advertising campaigns whose message seems to be aimed at convincing consumers that these are something other than energy companies that depend on fossil fuels for their profits .
That solving any of their favorite global problems would require political solutions -- if only to ensure that nobody 's rights and interests are violated or overlooked in the process -- is not something that the TED elite , with its aversion to conventional instruments of power and its inebriated can-do attitude , likes to hear .
This was n't always so , however , because OPEC once had so much excess production capacity that , when prices were high , some countries cheated on their allotted quotas , resulting in excess production that eventually drove prices down , sometimes dramatically .
Some commentators have surmised that Chatwin suffered from war trauma , and that this helps explain his restlessness , but it seems more likely that what he suffered from was ordinariness : the bitter fate of being born into a middle-class family with middle-class expectations , where success was defined as holding down a respectable job and supporting a household .
Think of it this way : Social Security has expanded years of support universally , resulting hi both lower revenues and a lost opportunity to target resources progressively to the disabled , those with low - and moderate - lifetime incomes , and older individuals with greater health needs and fewer capabilities to care for themselves .
That 's not to say that there 's no room for profit within the American health-care system , but that it 's time the discussion stopped focusing on how to preserve the interests of moneyed stakeholders and started asking how to deliver the best care , for the lowest cost , at the highest quality-to every American .
Schweitzer has made alternative energy and smart use of natural resources a centerpiece first of his campaign , and then of his administration , showcasing how investment in new , clean , and innovative energy can rebuild Montana 's economy , put money back into the pockets of his constituents , and create lasting opportunities for Montana farms and businesses .
It 's been shown to lead to increased incidence of weapon-carrying and using weapons .
Originating in an extraordinary synergy between selfishness and altruism , profit and productivity , it once allowed energetic risk takers to prosper by serving the growth and welfare of emerging nations .
Since the rich are better able to bear risk , they reap the reward that society provides for compensating for the greater risk .16 As always , they seem to be the winners from the policies that they advocated and that imposed such high costs on others .
We do n't need them because they are necessary ; we need them because as a culture we 've wasted our energy , our resources , and our innovation on things that assault natural templates rather than massaging them with human cleverness .
Creating actual equality of opportunity -- that is , a world in which a child of extremely poor parents is just as likely to succeed as an equally talented child of rich parents -- is probably an unrealizable goal .
It was rooted in the waves of workers ' strikes and protests ; the explosion of the Internet as a rallying megaphone for dissent about government abuse , corruption , and a vampire economy where a few flourish while many struggle ; and a growing willingness by reporters , writers , and humanrights groups to tell the truth in the face of great risks .
If they are really shaped by how the economy works , then fighting for more democracy in every workplace , and for more civil rights for all groups in society , can do as much for creating a more enlightened and intellectually engaged next generation as can fighting for better schools .
Government guarantees , such as the implicit commitment to bail out the congressionally created mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , encouraged lenders and investors to take bigger risks than they otherwise would have , contributing to the collapse of confidence in financial institutions and the credit crunch .
But to most people , environmental issues seem like a choice between cute animals living the way God intended and greedy capitalists destroying them .
In this age of group and identity politics , as ethnocentrism , corporatism , and globalism dominate our political systems and processes , I believe populism may offer our best hope of creating a sufficiently powerful countervailing force to the elites and orthodoxies that are now unfettered in their direction of our economy and our government .
Both plans promote a switch to clean energy and could still ease the impact on workers if the auction of pollution credits is used to create jobs .
The success of our economy can not be measured by how fast the GDP grows or how high the Dow Jones Industrial Average rises , because in an economy like ours very few of the gains from growth or from a rising stock market are trickling down to most people .
Ignoring the economic , political , and social causes of a number of widespread mental health problems , these discourses `` blame the victim '' when individuals deviate from the narrow range of accepted behavioral norms .
But these means are not enough to satisfy what is , in fact , an insatiable quest for more profits , so corporations are continually engaged in struggle with their competitors ( including frequently buying them out ) to increase market share and gross sales .
You were elected to lead not to bow , apologize and kiss the hands of murderers and corrupt leaders who still treat their people like slaves .
But there is little reason to believe that this class of Republicans will be helpful in formulating a tough policy toward an increasingly arrogant China , extricating America from Afghanistan , and using U.S. leverage to seek a peaceful settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
`` We 're seeing the rich get richer in this country , we 're seeing more organized interest groups with more and more money , we 're seeing a dominance in Congress of oil interests and insurance interests and drug company interests , and the whole idea of tax cuts over and over and over for the wealthiest people .
With virtually the whole Republican Party aligned with McCarthy , the hearings , unlike those held sixteen years later , were bitterly partisan and tainted by expressions of doubt about the very loyalty of the governing party .
Creating a voting holiday-some suggest using Veterans Day-would also help : In addition to underscoring the holiness of the democratic process , it would vastly ease the strain on those in low-wage jobs with little access to transportation or time off .
But government agencies , no doubt cowed by opposition from fossil fuel lobbyists , have failed to develop and deploy any significant new technology and failed to promote the growth of renewable energy by pioneering its use in federal projects .
`` War is the parent of armies ; from these proceed debts , and taxes ; and armies , and debts , and taxes are the known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few ... No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare . ''
The program , which overwhelmingly benefited the rich and connected , effectively lowered the bar for students who applied early and promised to accept its admission offer .
This dynamic creates the `` race to the bottom '' for the world 's working people , showing how the `` freedom '' of the market degenerates into class war . )
By contrast , the huge social costs are readily apparent -- in terms of direct financial rescues , the fiscal stimulus needed to prevent another Great Depression , and the appalling number of lost jobs ( eight million gone since December 2007 , and still counting ) .
Today , such rhetoric is the cutting-edge argument for restricting abortion , and the rallying cry `` abortion hurts women '' may now be more prevalent in some political and counseling contexts than the claim that abortion is murder . ''
But Republicans need several Democratic defectors , less to break a threatened Senate filibuster than to provide the bipartisan cover that would make it safe for Republicans to support privatization .
Yet when viewed in a broader historical context , his personal evolution seems quite consistent with trends in the development of the modern right and its strained relationship with science-a tension that has been on dramatic display throughout the Bush presidency , which has seen an unprecedented fight over the political abuse of science in government .
Efficiency is a term for tax systems that limit the risk of corporations making business decisions based on tax avoidance considerations rather than pure business reasons . ''
They took on the working conditions and attitudes that held women back at work , like rampant sexual harassment or the idea that a women who got married could have her wages cut or that a woman who became pregnant could be fired .
No less important , Obama sketched out the basic principles by which a universal health insurance system must eventually operate -- promising things like choice of doctor , protection against financial catastrophe , lower cost growth , and improved patient safety .
That movement 's home base is Seattle 's Discovery Institute , whose attempt to lead a specifically intellectual attack on evolution-one centered at a think tank funded by wealthy extreme conservatives and abetted by sympathetic Republican politicians-epitomizes how today 's political right has developed a powerful infrastructure for battling against scientific conclusions that anger core constituencies in industry and on the Christian right .
Arch Social Security hater Peter Ferrara once told me that funding it with general revenues was part of his plan to destroy it by converting Social Security into a welfare program , rather than an earned benefit .
It is using the threat of bankruptcy to force workers to accept further job loss , reductions in wages , benefits , pension rights , work intensification , and deteriorating working conditions .
The U.S.-led occupation privatized large portions of the economy against popular wishes , sought to impose extremely unpopular oil legislation that would favor foreign oil corporations , maintained the Saddam-era law prohibiting unionization among most of the workforce , initially tried to prevent elections in the country , often favored misogynistic and theocratic leaders friendly to U.S. interests , and encouraged sectarian divisions .
Instead of seeking lowest-cost contracts , the federal government could pursue `` best value '' contracts with companies that win points on their bid for being law-abiding , socially responsible businesses that treat workers well .
The policy , they argued , `` removes the secrecy that gives low-wage businesses an unfair competitive advantage , allowing them to appear just as valuable to the community as companies that provide high-paying jobs .
He has also compared automatic black-market weapons to legal semiautomatic assault weapons .
Why and where markets fail to achieve efficiency is the subject of a great deal of sophisticated analysis , but the limits of the market in realizing freedom raise a less familiar and more difficult problem .
If the way the strong treat the weak is the ultimate ethical test , we have failed miserably when it comes to health care .
Some argue that federal policies bred the crisis by encouraging too much homeownership and encouraging credit to too many families who could not handle it ; critics contend that homeownership is suitable only for those wealthy enough to come to the closing table with a large down payment .
Bush `` could have gotten any set of energy measures passed after 9\/11 if he had had an open and honest dialogue with America about how bad things were , '' says Edward Morse , an energy market analyst and former State Department energy official .
Such arguments can be constructed on behalf of almost every single thing the party purports to stand for : health-care coverage for those without it , the need to protect the planet and take global warming seriously , energy independence , asset-building for African Americans and other disproportionately poor groups , a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , and more .
The utility is betting that by shelling out for the plant , it 's helping BrightSource reduce production costs and become a dominant force in the commercial solar energy market .
First , every time we have tried this trickle-down philosophy , we have indeed made the rich fabulously richer , but somehow or other , the poor have always ended up getting trickled on , figuratively speaking .
Today too many of the arguments for a free economy and society are made on the basis of efficiency .
Thanks to Grover Norquist and his band of anti-tax crusaders , raising taxes has come to seem akin to murdering puppies and loving terrorists .
Marx explicitly said that the accumulation of capital destroys the natural bases on which that accumulation is built : man ( the alienated , exploited , dominated , and oppressed worker ) and the earth ( symbol of natural riches at the disposal of humanity ) .
For progressive , the battle for Social Security represents a rare opportunity to stop the newly re-elected president dead in his tracks , to demonstrate the bankruptcy of his extreme conservative agenda , and to point to a new politics of `` shared security '' around which one can build a new majority for change .
At the risk of boring you with more economics than you bargained for when you decided to come here today , I want to take the time to explain this particular failing of markets because it is terribly important and not well understood even among leftists who are critical of markets for other reasons . ''
Market and patient-based health care reform proposals aim to truly lower costs by increasing competitiveness : allowing insurance to be sold across state lines , permitting insurance portability from job to job , enacting significant tort reform to lower malpractice costs , and empowering individuals by allowing them to control their own costs with personal health-savings accounts and other means .
Our failure to impose a tax to offset this advantage is just giving the too-big-to-fail banks another large gift .23 The recognition that outsize bonuses gave financial professionals incentives to engage in excess risk taking and shortsighted behavior should also have led to tight regulations on the design of bonuses .
The overall effect would be more harmful to lower - and middle-class Americans , who depend on those programs , than the direct effect of the tax cuts themselves .
While the notion of the rational individual which underlies all bourgeois economic reasoning always implied the individual possessed of bourgeois rationality , it must be realized that during the youth of the capitalist system that rationality constituted an essentially progressive attitude .
And bad reasoning fulfills the evolutionary purpose as well as good reasoning , if it gets us ahead .
So have many governments , either because , in the case of rich governments , their corporations benefit from the commodification of water or , in the case of poor governments , because they fear they would not be able to honor this commitment .
The goals of the CFR 's founders were to create conditions in finance , in politics , and in public opinion under which the American system of limited government -- a system Lippmann , House , and the others were dissatisfied with -- could be fundamentally changed , and a new international order based on a truly global system of governance would eventually be accepted .
Few LGBT organizations are engaged in articulating a new urban policy , seeking a more effective response to homelessness and poverty , or using their clout in the service of universal health care .
This means that attacks on it from those who see the opportunity to become very rich in the easiest possible ways , by preying on the public sector , can not be allowed to get out of hand .
Observant Jews have burned a menorah on eight successive nights of Hannkkah ever since to commemorate the triumph of their people and faith over their enemies .
A renewed emphasis on alternative energy and the infrastructure to support it would have the added beneficial effect of not just making us carbon free by 2050 but creating millions of new high-skilled jobs . ''
Management became more and more concerned with the market power and position of the enterprise , and since this can be achieved more quickly through mergers and acquisitions than battles over market shares , and these battles , in any case , are usually ruinous under oligopoly , attention shifted from production to finance .
The top 1 percent ( everyone today making more than about $ 352,000 ) have doubled their income share since 1979 ; the top 0.1 percent ( everyone today making more than about $ 1.5 million ) have tripled their share ; and the top 0.01 percent ( everyone today making more than about $ 7.9 million ) have more than tripled their share .
For families where parents are impaired by depression , substance abuse , personality disorders or domestic violence , programs must compensate by ensuring that all young children can grow up in environments that are safe , nurturing , stimulating and responsive .
Abstract : Eroding human capital , a cowed middle class worried about declining wages and fraying families , decaying traditional infrastructure , and a prolonged failure to invest in up-to-date communications , transportation , and energy systems all explain why a once leading nation is headed into `` has been '' status . ''
Because we all depend on low wage workers for essential human needs and because we enjoy a good standard of living on their backs , we owe them , and we owe them big time .
Because the working class has for many years lacked the organization that might mobilize funds sufficient to compete with the profits and personal wealth that corporations and the rich use to buy political influence , it wields its influence in a disorganized and generally less effective way : through voting .
He and Tipper have musician friends and professor friends and artist friends and just plain worker friends and farmer friends , for sure .
DEBT AND TAXES In his review of two books on tax reform - bruce bartlett 's The Benefit and the Burden and martin Sullivan 's Corporate Tax Reform - DAVID CAY JOHNSTON took on the `` three great lies concerning taxes '' and generated animated reader response .
Instead , the decay is being used as the pretext to funnel more and more taxpayer dollars to fewer and fewer defense mega-corporations .
As the U.S. energy secretary , Chu has been tasked with reshaping the country 's trillion-dollar energy economy , to reduce America 's reliance on fossil fuels and cut greenhouse-gas emissions 80 percent or more by mid-century -- essential to avoiding catastrophic climate change .
This transformation had wide-ranging implications for social relations in Egypt , including growing inequality , poverty , and social insecurity for the lower classes , as well as the violent exclusion of the millions who were condemned to abject misery .
How young children learn to think , how they learn to read , how they learn to solve problems is as much reliant upon their social and emotional capacities as their cognitive ones .
Current GOP strategy reverses that calculus : Through a series of structural changes and buck-passing mechanisms , Republicans intend to pit program against program in a battle for diminished resources-and may the stronger clients win .
Alyssa Katz reports on the new landscape of housing in New York , with empty high-end condominiums and failed privatizations of huge rental complexes creating both problems and opportunities for affordable housing .
With virtually the whole Republican Party aligned with McCarthy , the hearings , unlike those held sixteen years later , were bitterly partisan and tainted by expressions of doubt about the very loyalty of the governing party .
That is why it is critical for progressives to support an intellectual community in studying the long-term consequences of income inequality , the relationship between equity and growth , and how different kinds of public investments affect the labor market .
The consequences of this silent war are being felt most severely in the poorest parts of the United States , where low-income families are desperately clutching onto the bottom rungs of the failing economy .
Something changed to make their greed and lack of social concern far more dangerous to our economy and democracy .
GREENSTEiN : We have some evidence from years of research that giving low-income people a better financial ability to choose where to live has benefits - better schools , safer neighborhoods .
Cliche-ridden hack writing , jumped-up rich lower-class arrivistes , pushy aggressive women , trendy homosexuals , pretentious bores , above all Greeks ( Juvenal 's anti-Hellenic rant has all the qualities of later anti-Semitism ) : there is a timeless flavor about the list of his pet hates .
Pledging commitment to fulfilling growing energy needs and fighting climate change , Obama announced , `` Energy leaders and experts recognize that as long as producing carbon pollution carries no cost , traditional plants that use fossil fuels will be more cost-effective than plants that use nuclear fuel .
It is not a big step to argue that such centers of evil should be destroyed or undermined , as bin Laden does , or to believe that their destruction is somehow a consequence of their sin , as Jerry Falwell argued .
As Waters frequently argues , no one is worse served by our current food policy than a low-income family using food stamps to purchase rotted produce at the marked-up convenience store .
The failure to understand that our demands are the source of our dissatisfactions thus generates a public mood that is not favorable to the survival of democratic government .
Criminalizing abortion would not , for instance , address the needs of women who seek an abortion because they lacked contraception or were raped or are living in abusive relationship , or will have to drop out of work or school to raise a child alone , or are stretched so thin that they can not emotionally or financially provide for their other children .
Neither tax nor regulatory law distinguishes between productive borrowing and abusive borrowing , and the bankruptcy code allows a corporation to wipe off old debts , no matter how abusively or corruptly they were incurred .
But as it 's taken more extreme positions on a range of hot-button issues , from flirting with climate change denial to fighting health care reform , its reputation as a predictable pro-business group is crumbling .
Fifty-nine percent wrongly thought the law creates a government-run health-care plan ; 40 percent believed it creates `` death panels '' ( another 15 percent were `` unsure '' ) ; and 45 percent thought the law cuts benefits to those on Medicare . ''
Unfortunately , many of these same people have been in charge of our energy policy for several decades , and we can see the result : an increasing reliance on foreign dictators for our energy , volatile energy prices , and persistent , avoidable energy crises .
This they do reasonably well : in ensuring that everyone eats , cash and also food stamps ( an effective market-friendly solution to the problem of hunger ) are less obtrusive and more efficient than rationing , soup lines , or the distribution of surplus cheese .
The Bhopal plant workers ' union had protested the hazardous conditions and posted signs throughout surrounding communities that read , `` Lives of thousands of workers and citizens in danger because of poisonous gas .
Corporate management , although lacking state regulation , was aware of the problems , but instead of increasing investment to make the plant safe , continued to cut costs and minimize investment , reducing worker numbers while increasingly employing unskilled workers .
The push for reform picked up momentum after 1962 , with the goal being laws that standardized the exceptions for therapeutic abortion -- because the mother 's life was in danger or because she was underage or a victim of rape or incest -- with committees of physicians as the judges .
Now , as the war he demanded lies in ruins , Krauthammer uses his Post column to revise his record : `` Our objectives in Iraq were twofold and always simple : Depose Saddam Hussein and replace his murderous regime with a self-sustaining , democratic government .
This amount could be recouped by rescinding the portion of the 2001 tax cut allocated to the wealthiest 5 percent of U.S. families when fully phased in ( about $ 88 billion a year ) , together with a modest increase in the gas tax or a 25 percent cut in `` corporate welfare . ''
But I admired his take on good and evil and believe , to this day , that his faith in Jesus drove him to make this unforgettable film .
Not only did the war make internal dis-sent easier to repress , but Rumsfeld and his allies were also quick to claim that the war in Afghanistan , with its roaming Special Forces teams and high-tech targeting systems , was an NCW success story .
While we fight poverty through education and welfare programs , the only sure-fire way to build a strong middle class is to make certain Americans have the tools they need to build wealth .
He also found that in cases where employees prevailed , the median award amount was $ 36,500 , and the average was $ 109,858 , both substantially lower than award amounts reported in employment litigation , A study of securities arbitrations between 1992 and 1996 found that in arbitration , plaintiffs won considerably smaller awards than in comparable court proceedings .
An additional problem is that these tales of woe seem to ignore , or actively fail to understand , the fact that a higher tax bracket affects only the portion of income above the threshold level .
Lawyers for the government argued both that guns contribute to violent crime , which has a harmful effect on interstate commerce , and that guns in a school zone pose a threat to the learning environment , resulting in a less productive citizenry .
Whether they leave the workplace altogether or just cut back their commitment , their talent and education are lost from the public world to the private world of laundry and kissing boo-boos .
Seizing on projected deficits as their rationale , Republicans have called for a drastic solution : eliminating the traditional , public Medicare program in favor of a voucher for private insurance , which would save the government money by paying a diminished share of health costs and shifting more of the burden to seniors .
Students produce work for external rewards ( grades ) in much the same way that workers work only for a paycheck , have no control over the product they make and become divorced ( or alienated ) from its real value .
Only a movement among workers themselves , in which rank-and-file members play a much more active role , can build unions that will survive an employer offensive , and that can fight effectively for social reforms from single-payer health care to true legalization and equality for immigrants .
The current situation for the Republican Party is more dangerous than losing the Tea Party , in that there are three different fault lines upon which a party split could happen .
We have no idea how far back child abuse went in the Church , because so many generations were intimidated by the absolute authority of their clerical superiors into silence or mutual cover-up .
Ethanol can perfectly well replace gasoline in a tank ; like petroleum , it 's a way of using biology to create energy , and right now it 's a hot commodity , backed with billions of dollars of government subsidies .
Abstract : A strategic response is also based on recognizing the importance of marine ecosystem services ( valuing the priceless ) in order to generate the political will to prevent their continued loss .
First , the 1996 reforms involved two components : changing welfare and building work supports outside welfarethe EITC , minimum-wage increase , improved child-support enforcement , broadened health care , expanded child care .
The battle for universal , equal access to care still lies ahead and it wo n't be won until those of us who are victimized by the health-care system have more political clout than those who profit from it .
Its proponents argued that more efficient cars would cut gasoline use , thereby reducing reliance on foreign oil and pollution .
Currently , there are more than $ 12 billion in pending corporate attacks on environmental , transportation , and public-health policy under existing U.S. free-trade agreements - and the proposed TPP would create vast new opportunities for litigation .
PLANYC IS PREMISED ON the idea that with New York City 's population expected to grow by 1 million over the next two decades , aggressive steps must be taken to increase access to green space and affordable housing , improve public health , preserve and retrofit historic buildings , and fight global warming .
In response , a conservative state senator named Arthur Ravenel Jr. , who 'd made a name for himself by defending public display of the Confederate flag and mocking his opponents as the `` National Association of Retarded People , '' pushed through legislation that made the school board election partisan , thus introducing a primary process that ensured a one-on-one fight in the final round .
In fact , it 's precisely this simultaneous mocking of , and wallowing in , our luxe-life obsession that makes `` Critical Shopper '' a creation of Frankensteinian genius .
As comedy , this is fairly feeble , and even less funny is Colbert 's scolding of the press : `` Over the last five years , you people were so good -- over tax cuts , WMD intelligence , the effect of global warming .
Every fuel that stores the energy we tap in order to power the modern world has the potential to escape our control and violently destroy lives and property .
While both conceptions of efficiency can be criticized , for my purposes today they are sufficient because even using these narrow definitions of efficiency we can discover there is every reason to believe that markets generate very inefficient outcomes .
There 's plenty of blame to go around : Black and Latino activists did n't attack Iowa as undemocratic ; they attacked Iowa and New Hampshire as insufficiently black and Latino .
PENNSYLVANIA MADE PRE-K A PRIORITY later than Illinois , but its march toward an exemplary early education system bears a lot of similarities : a strong advocacy community , engaged philanthropists , a broad coalition of support , bipartisan leadership , and a solid foundation to build on .
Meanwhile , in the United States , the object is to pass legislation ( or , failing that , regulations through the Environmental Protection Agency ) that would make the cost of energy so expensive that Americans would use less and thereby cut the amount of dreaded greenhouse-gas emissions .
A George Mason University study found that while a majority of American health department directors believe their region will suffer serious public health problems from climate change within 20 years , few have made any plans to detect , prevent , or adapt to these health threats -- in part because they fear they do n't know enough to speak .
Wall Street firms , British Petroleum , American Insurance Group , Massey Coal , Exxon-Mobil ( just to cite a few examples ) , and numerous other death-dealing , job killing , and ecology destroying capitalist organizations have been and still are seriously under-regulated .
Low scores on agreeableness indicate a lack of compassion and a proud , competitive , and skeptical nature .
THAT ARGUMENT is based on a very crude understanding of class and social movements and the way change comes in society .
Although it is not clear how much meat consumption would fall as a result , it makes sense , as it does with driving , to at least remove the price advantage of such an environmentally destructive activity .
My complaint with the national trial lawyer groups is they constantly work to expand the risks and liabilities of doing business in America , and fight all attempts to develop reasonable reforms .
This is why the emergence of Occupy Wall Street , a cause to be celebrated among progressives and their leaders , proved such a vivid and useful experiment in their values applied , and the practical results of top-down collectivism .
Margaret Bourke-White , David Douglas Duncan , and other photographers snapped heroic scenes of private and public struggle , disaster , hilarity , and fulfillment : these were the images ( along with those in Hollywood movies ) that helped to create a visually based national community out of the anomie of the Depression .
It is a private business , created through cunning and stealth by private bankers , who should really be called banksters , in collaboration with Congressmen who violated their oath to support and defend the Constitution when they voted to hand the money-creation power of the federal government over to a private corporation .
In a devastating bit of editing , `` Maxed Out '' juxtaposes scenes of the grieving mothers with clips of a poised , soft-spoken Julie Williams in a bright striped sweater explaining to members of Congress why it 's OK for banks to push credit cards on college kids with no income .
A Senate report produced for Inhofe 's Environment and Public Works Committee concluded that , among other problems , `` scientists involved in the CRU controversy violated fundamental ethical principles governing taxpayer-funded research and , in some cases , may have violated federal laws .
Like all good conspiracy theories , both tales contain just enough truth to satisfy those predisposed to believe in them , without admitting any contradictions that might shake up those assumptions .
Our plan was straightforward : Make private-sector job growth a leading goal of government policies , while also changing the culture within governmental institutions in ways that encouraged thriftiness and a healthy respect for the liberty of individual Hoosiers , and do it without letting up on environmental protections or taking away essential government services .
His qualification was that he ran the Cook County ( Chicago ) school district , whose hallmarks arc the lowest high-school graduation rate , lowest student competency , most violent school system , lowest SAT scores , and lowest college acceptance .
Even sophisticated arguments about the cultural , as opposed to economic , consequences of our current immigration patterns can easily bleed into hostility toward Hispanics as people .
This has poisoned the atmosphere and seriously limits the ability of the 17 euro-area countries to make decisions that are collectively sensible but individually difficult .
With virtually the whole Republican Party aligned with McCarthy , the hearings , unlike those held sixteen years later , were bitterly partisan and tainted by expressions of doubt about the very loyalty of the governing party .
Reading between the lines , there are also at least two other sources of irritation : for a Jew , Christianity 's pragmatic success , and its often shameful means of `` overpowering '' Juda-ism , are rightly appalling the forced readings of the Hebrew Bible evident in the New Testament , along with the centu-ries of political oppression and public and private anti-Semitism .
As the war and revolution were drastically changing class relations in the United States , the war also had a major impact in the class war between the capitalists and the working class in Britain .
To scale back those losses , CEO Rick Wagoner has embarked on a crusade to cut the number of GM jobs in the United States and to minimize health care benefits for those lucky enough to keep their jobs .
By dispro - portionally tackling production and distribution ( the supply side of the equation ) without equally tackling consumption ( the demand side of the equation ) , the price of the product is increased , thus providing a greater profit incentive for people to take the involved risks in trafficking and producing illicit drugs .
At this critical period in American life success has to come from transforming attitudes toward government , transforming attitudes toward the relationship of liberty to security , transforming what responsibilities we owe to the citizens who are struggling , why the growing gap between rich and poor is such a problem .
When this effort began in earnest after the 2000 election , progressives saw mainstream journalists cowed by pressure from the right ; a skilled , aggressive conservative policy apparatus able to flood print and broadcast with its perspective ; and a thriving right-wing media that managed to create its own alternative universe , with potent political effects .
We might as well have sent a memo to God , he said , which goes something like this : `` Dear God , We had to decide between health insurance and a tax cut , and we took all the money as a tax cut .
The earlier provision had made better-off retirees subject to income tax on up to half of their Social Security benefits , with the resulting savings accruing to the Social Security Trust Fund .
Jean Ziegler , special UN reporter on food , concluded that while the argument for biofuels , in her opinion , in terms of energy efficiency and climate change is legitimate , the effects of growing food for fuel on the world 's hungry population are `` absolutely catastrophic , '' and she considers the use of arable land for that purpose a `` crime against humanity .
`` Private money can help solve even the most difficult public problems , '' Michael Bloomberg declared in a blurb for Philanthrocapitalism : How the Rich Can Save the World , a book by Matthew Bishop and Michael Green that appeared in 2008 and is one of the primary anthropological documents of our era .
Barack Obama will make college affordable for all Americans by creating a new American Opportunity Tax Credit that will ensure that the first $ 4,000 of a college education is completely free for most Americans , and will cover two-thirds the cost of tuition at the average public college or university .
What he sees -- much like the anti-monopolists -- is a whirlwind of what Schumpeter would call `` creative destruction , '' in which the social good was sacrificed for the economic benefit of the very few .
And he offers hopeful glimpses of what this implies in a trenchantly argued advocacy of pollution control and economic regulation to ensure both greater wealth and security .
From public education , to public infrastructure ( think how many fewer gazillionaires there would be had government not funded the research that created the Internet ) , to public safety , government creates the context that allows individual genius to thrive .
Elected vice president three years later , Johnson understood as well as anyone the power of the enduring bipartisan conservative coalition and the imperative of attacking it head on in order to win any reform legisla-tion -- and he understood how it might best be done .
The extremes of wealth and poverty produced in the fifty years before 1929 generated a critical response .
Dipping further into research on `` intuitive toxicology '' -- that is , how ordinary people assess the poisonousness of potentially poisonous things -- I discovered that women consistently worry more about toxicity than men do .
In The Spirit of the Laws , Montesquieu would provide a road map for the American constitution , in which a system of government is established to represent a diverse and dynamic society , and the individual lives free from the cruelty and domination of others and the government itself .
It is the creation of financier Peter Ackerman , a 65-yearold private-equity executive who made his fortune working alongside Michael Milken at Drexel Burnham Lambert in the 1980s - and who is also a leading advocate for and financial supporter of Gandhian nonviolent political change around the world .
Rulers , dependent on the majority , like Mugabe on his Shona , will then use the law or vigilante justice to reward the people on whom they depend for power , by stripping the minority of its wealth and condoning the humiliation of and violence against that minority .
The best response to these parental fears is to make sure your child knows about safe sex , uses condoms , and feels great enough about his sexuality to be open and honest with partners and value his health and theirs .
Foer 's piece distilled the conventional wisdom of 2002 : even conservatives who disliked the neoconservatives on other grounds -- for their support of high levels of immigration , for example -- shied away from frontal assaults on their foreign policy .
At other times less crude versions of this doctrine , especially ones which promised real hope of reforming the system from within and of gaining power to change power , have had much to recommend them ; this is the foundation for the historic successes of social democracy .
Redesigning the curricula in schools , rotating workers through management positions , reorganizing sources and incentives for productive innovation , and creating an effective program to avoid unemployment are all examples of changes produced by WSDEs .
Some of the '60s reforms also attempted to do things on behalf of the poor that no one knew how to do well , and the limits and frustrations of those programs left a bitter residue , including resistance to taxes .
When you tell people thatyou intend to run and govern as a `` compassionate conservative , '' using a word that is the essence of all religious faith-compassion-and then show no compassion for anyone who disagrees with you and no patience with those who cry to you for help , you are doing something immoral .
Clean energy champions in the Democrat-ic leadership saw to it that hundreds of millions flowed into programs like ARPA-E .
It is both ironic and tragic that changes to U.S. trade policy that favor the developing world are often opposed by farm interests on the grounds that they hurt U.S. producers .
How about the possibility that today 's intelligentsia do n't really care about education for the lower orders , any more than the scribes of old wanted to transmit their own learning to the masses ; any more than the intelligentsia admired Adler or the Durants for wanting to reach the masses with books , ideas , and history .
The right-wing opposition , rooted in its control of large landed estates and petro-carbon resources in the eastern lowlands , constitutes the main challenge to transforming property relations and creating a more equitable , democratic society in Bolivia .
In a social order based on private property and capital system dynamics , there is a contradiction between , on the one hand , the possibility of attending to human needs and reducing the environmental harm , and on the other hand , the prevailing process of increasing destruction through private production .
Real estate and communications moguls benefit from amazing tax advantages and free licenses ; mineral and timber bosses feast off giveaways , bargain-basement leaseholds , and other lucrative tax benefits .
While experts will continue to debate the exact ways adequate nutrition and health care can lead to better educational outcomes , widespread acceptance that health affects learning helped justify many early nutrition and insurance programs for poor children and pregnant women , from the Women , Infants and Children feeding program through the State Children 's Health Insurance Program ( S-CHIP ) .
Instead of working toward lowering our dependence on foreign oil in the long term and helping to stimulate energy conservation in the short term , the Bush administration continues down a path that has caused U.S. taxpayers to support massive subsidies to already profitable and polluting energy industries while neglecting development of new clean-energy sources .
At its sharpest edge , the Tea Party phenomenon represents the angry conservative base , punishing incumbent Republicans for any number of infractions : bailouts , support for amnesty , softness on terrorism , or , in the case of Charlie Crist , hugging Obama .
Though the practice can be defended as generating revenue used to improve the college 's academic program , the effect is to favor middle-class and less needy applicants .
As a result , consumers sign on to credit products focused on only one or two features - nominal interest rates or free gifts - in the hope that the fine print will not bite them .
Our sense of entitlement justifies inhabiting our own special moral and ethical universe , just like the antisocial , and because we are never properly appreciated or understood , we can perpetrate crimes against innocents and guilty alike and justify lying about them to ourselves and others , just like those folks who come through my office two or three times a week .
This regulation was intended to discourage the approval of worthless drugs , but its greatest effect has been to allow manufacturers to flood the market with supposedly `` new and improved '' pharmaceuticals and yet provide no information on how they compare with , and improve upon , existing drugs .
During the Clinton era , when there was the prospect of expanding social insurance , Republicans fought to kill any universal health-insurance program , lest younger voters also get the idea that government could actually he useful .
Even worse : `` The disasters caused by climate change are threatening the survival of human beings , '' Calderon opined .
They gained permission to infiltrate , monitor and repress the social and indigenous movements fighting the devastation and irrational settlement of the Amazon .
Indeed , middle-class working families are discovering that they need many of the same things as the working poor , such as a wage floor that keeps them from falling into poverty if their luck turns bad , affordable health care and child care , and effective training to get the next job or to upgrade their skills .
Affordable housing frees up resources for food and health care , reduces stress and stress-related health problems , alleviates over-crowding , and allows access to neighborhood resources .
Thus the latter produces utter economic scarcity , while liberalism stands for economic vigor , creativity , and efficiency .
To be fair , education is not thoroughly under the control of greedy bastards , and the amount of waste and theft is far smaller than what you find in the other industries discussed in this book .
Too often , the response to the threat of globalization is to make workers even more worse-off , not just by cutting their wages but also by lowering social protections .
And the allure of a plain-English plan that helps working people should be apparent to the leaders of a party that has been losing tax arguments for 25 years .
When immigrants leave , they take jobs with them.As the threat of national employer sanctions looms , policy makers will look to Arizona to see how well an economy can adapt to an overnight loss of workers . ''
But his agenda has clear class implications : universal health care aimed at helping the uninsured ; stimulus spending heavily oriented toward the unemployed ; and a financial bailout that aided Wall Street while enraging lower-income voters .
Sadly , the arguments of the champions of the free market have yet to capture the popular imagination or sway the actions of political leadership in the way that socialism has done .
That 's because every fight tells a story : Focusing on hedge-fund managers suggests that only a few very wealthy people are ripping off the rest of us , and neglects the more basic problem of the radical inequity of our tax code .
Though largely focused on health care and the Employee Free Choice Act for the past year , organized labor is beginning to tell a broader story about how productive , jobs - and goods-producing American businesses have suffered in an economy dominated by finance .
Social influences have a powerful influence in many domains ; they greatly affect decisions about how much to drink , whether to stay in school , to bring lawsuits , to take precautions against natural disasters , to support a particular political campaign , to make charitable contributions , and to commit crimes .
A weak dollar benefits American industry by making our products cheaper abroad ( though it hurts consumers by making imported goods more costly ) .
But what seems clear is that the bestpossibly the only - hope for achieving universal , affordable care lies in the eventual elimination of private insurance and fee-for-service payment and in the creation of a tax-supported system based on group practice .
In other words , if you are a huge financial institution , whose recklessness and greed caused this great recession , no problem .
Central banks and the magic of instant money and credit have been used to fund the extravagant wars and to prop up the destructive dictatorships of the last and present century .
Even if they hold their majorities in Congress and win the White House in 2008 , the structural forces in Washington will make it nearly impossible to roll back any significant chunks of the Bush tax cuts , let alone take on crises like global warming or the forty-five million Americans lacking health insurance .
On the other side are special interest groups , led by corporate America , who are interested in a nearly unlimited supply of cheap labor , who are interested in reducing their business costs , who do not want to pay a fair wage or provide employee benefits , and who see human beings as nothing more than a means of production .
Since 1980 , the year Ronald Reagan became president and helped engineer a savage attack on the working class , income inequality has risen considerably .
When money becomes the price of everything , Sandel argues , it corrupts motivations , degrades pleasures , and makes inequality more painful for the poor .
The lesson for cranks everywhere is that your theory stands a stronger chance of success if it directly benefits a rich and powerful bloc , and there 's no bloc richer and more powerful than the rich and powerful .
Said one top Obama campaign fund-raiser : `` For Republicans , if you say that God created Earth for the purpose of facilitating capitalism and how capitalists use their money will create the best outcomes for society , ... then they 're not going to have inhibitions about spending their money that way .
Given the very illegitimate and corrupt nature of Chinese capitalist wealth , there is also the question of how the collective interest of the capitalist class can be implemented , even if the Communist Party leadership decides to promote the capitalist collective interest .
With Karl Rove 's former deputy , Chris Henick , working at his side at the former mayor 's consulting firm , Giuliani Partners , the putative candidate is making himself fair game for fresh scrutiny , even within the party that exploited his icon status at its 2004 convention , as well as on the campaign and lecture circuits ever since the terrorist attacks .
This is an immensely important change : the historical bourgeoisie , constituted of families rooted locally , has given way to an anonymous oligarchy\/plutocracy that controls the monopolies , in spite of the dispersion of the title deeds of their capital .
After his return to Congress , he went even further , championing a patients ' bill of rights despised by the HMO industry and the Bush administration ; pushing through a sweeping campaign finance reform bill that Bush signed unwillingly ; enraging the NRA by pushing legislation to close the `` gun show loophole '' ; and sounding the alarm over global warming .
An argument heard frequently by those attacking public workers is that while their wages may be low , public workers get huge benefit increases , especially pension benefits .
Succeeding governments have shamelessly brought in their favorites , returning favors and expecting new ones in the future , and changing laws to suit their purposes , thus encouraging resentment , divisiveness , and a `` wait until my turn comes '' way of thinking .
She will continue to hang beautiful still lifes of flowers and sun-drenched landscapes and put out fruit and vegetables to eat because her purpose is to create a healthy environment for her loved ones .
So these cry babies , these multimillionaires and billionaires , these people who are making out like bandits , they are crying and crying and crying , but the effective tax rate for the top 400 income earners was cut almost in half from 1995 to 2007 .
He also argues strongly for new investments to upgrade education at all levels and to bolster research and development in order to create more high-productivity jobs to replace the ones moving to lowercost Asian workers .
`` He is the only Muslim member of congress , '' Tea Party Nation leader Judson Phillips , a Tennessee attorney , wrote in an e-mail to supporters in which he urged them to help defeat Rep. Keith Ellison ( D-Minn . )
However , although political and economic changes were definitely desired by the majority of Chinese , Deng and his followers greatly overstated the severity of existing problems and , more importantly , ignored popular calls for an exploration of other , non-market reform responses .
The Epsteinian and Hay-ekian worry that agency policy-making will be `` captured '' by rent-seeking firms -- special interests with lobbyists -- is fatally non-comparative as well , because such firms can also seek rents through the litigation process , hiring expensive lawyers , and bringing wave after wave of suits in the hopes of establishing favorable precedents .
Others complained that the pyramid was either too critical of fats or failed to indicate that dairy products -- dairy farmers have a powerful lobby , too -- should be consumed in low-fat varieties .
That argues more for tax increases targeted at high incomes than for spending cuts , because cuts hit the middle - and low-income people on whose spending economic recovery depends .
Notable among them is David Cutler , a highly respected Harvard economist , whose book Your Money or Your Life makes a powerful argument that spending a lot of money on health care is frequently worth it -- specifically , that investments in areas like neonatal and cardiovascular care have produced longer and healthier lives , more than justifying their exorbitant price tags .
Paranoid or not , the ultras could claim only limited success in their assault on liberalism ; the heirs of FDR bore much of the blame .
In fact , the main effect of the low interest rates sustained through the late 1990s and the 2000s was to create the possibility for the bubble economy , the dynamics of which are explored in the next chapter .
After more than a generation of organizing economic relations for lower expectations , worker insecurity , and super-enrichment of the moneyed at the expense of everyone else , capitalism is failing to accomplish one of its historical tasks : organizing support for war .
Far from blaming the poor for their ills , he wrote , `` the real explanation of why the poor are where they are is that they made the mistake of being born to the wrong parents , in the wrong section of the country , in the wrong industry , or in the wrong racial or ethnic group .
As I mentioned before , the most heated arguments about values and morals in our society come from strong disagreements over a fairly narrow range of issues , mostly having to do with sex and human life . ''
The contradictions in current global drug policy mean the same drug that generates income for farmers and workers and profits for the pharmaceutical industry in rich countries , criminalizes poor people in Afghanistan who cultivate poppy for an illegal market in order to survive .
Then there is the earned income tax credit ( EITC ) , a clever scheme to raise the after-tax incomes of the working poor , effectively providing insurance against flux in hours worked and therefore in the annual value of the real wage .
Enforcement-only advocates have yet to learn the key lesson of the drug war : You ca n't eliminate a market by making it more illegal ; you can only make it more secretive , more dangerous , and more lucrative for those without scruples .
From creating equipment for larger patients to examining their own prejudices against fat people , medical professionals are starting to realize they must interrupt the vicious cycle in which the very thing necessitating that these patients receive quality health care -- their obesity -- all too often prevents them from getting it .
This is evident in the popular conservative trope `` They hate us for our freedoms , '' a handy phrase that preempts any critical investigation of our actions abroad .
The unplanned order of old buildings , mixed uses , and formal conventions , Jacobs argued , protects people from danger and makes decent lives for them possible .
The dynamics of capitalism , Speth argues , are at the crux of these problems : `` When prices reflect environmental values as poorly as today 's prices do , the system is running without essential controls .
This consciousness , plus initial political support , led the shop stewards to act on the basis of the usefulness of their knowledge , and effectively use the organizational capacity of their Combine Committee ( bringing together workers from every factory and level in the company ) to share their knowledge and develop an industrial alternative .
Nor does giving him money or goods in exchange for his useless labor create effective demand ; it only shifts it from the people who produced what was given him .
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas ' Tombstones on Campus campaign erected eight-foot-tall cardboard grave markers with messages about how a proposed 36 percent budget cut could kill higher education in Nevada .
Again , the man went from city to city encouraging leaders to be gay-friendly , to support artists , to encourage creativity , and to build amenities like bike lanes .
Indeed , as we shall shortly see , some of the most important innovations in business in the last three decades have centered not on making the economy more efficient but on how better to ensure monopoly power or how better to circumvent government regulations intended to align social returns and private rewards .
The message is not that all cultures are to be respected but that European culture , which created the dominance of white males , is uniquely evil .
He devotes a good part of his book to an elaboration of the dynamic nature of class domination , of how and why power is exercised by one class over another and , in the process , society is structured in such a way that this domination is replicated from one point in time to the next .
For example , California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was told by advisers in 2004 that a proposed tax incentive package encouraging Californian road builders to recycle 32 million used tires from California 's vehicles would violate NAFTA rules by favoring American recyclers over those of Mexico and Canada .
Therefore , it is not surprising that so many people are aggravated when economists point out that their vote has a meaningless effect on the outcome of most elections , and therefore casting their vote for an expensive government program represents a trivial sacrifice .
And the lion 's share of the blame for these outrages , and the concurrent collapse of corporate tax revenues , can be placed on President Bush and the GOP Congress , which put huge new corporate loopholes in place while refusing to crack down on offshore corporate tax sheltering and other abuses .
In our projects , we try to roll them all up and to produce enough critical mass using low-income housing tax credits on the rental side to make a real difference and then roll in the other credits so that they work along with the tax credit .
By demonizing unions and the workers they represent , and downplaying the real advances that organized labor has made for all Americans , conservatives have been successful in convincing millions of Americans to vote against their own best interests .
However , a sense of optimism radiated from the newly emboldened participants : confidence that educational liberty , despite the current difficulties , will eventually triumph over the forces seeking to quash it .
But to make your argument convincing you need to offer an explanation for why financial elites became `` more serious , systematic , and ideologically single-minded about dismantling the mixed economy '' over the last three decades , and not before .
Two Views '' ) : `` The notion of making Social Security benefits more progressive is a good one , but it could have been argued just on the basis of redistributing benefits from high-income retirees to lowincome retirees .
The problem is that noncitizens are afraid to vindicate their rights because they fear the immigration consequences of complaining .
Explaining how the government plans to control energy , and the effects of that control , is just one of the points that co-producers and directors Phelim McAleer and Ann McElhinney put forth in their documentary Not Evil Just Wrong .
Even though green investment creates jobs with lower average wages , the total amount of money going into all workers ' pockets is far higher , because so many more jobs overall are being created .
And it makes sense to politicians whose campaign contributions from military contractors and their political action committees leave them favorably disposed to see every new weapons system as essential to our nation 's defense .
He will create flexible education accounts that workers can use to retrain , provide retraining assistance for workers in sectors of the economy vulnerable to dislocation before they lose their jobs , and provide additional assistance for workers to afford health care .
MSNBC 's Carlos Watson was shocked about Kostric 's action and angrily wondered aloud why Kostric can not be stripped of his weapon : `` I can not imagine that there are n't enough lawyers in New Hampshire who ca n't file some sort of emergency injunction .
In 2008 , Michaels published a book , Doubt is Their Product : How Industry 's Assault on Science Threatens Your Health , detailing how businesses had delayed regulations by `` manufacturing uncertainty '' about scientific findings .
For all his stress on the difference partisanship can make , Bartels shows that U.S. government aid to lower-income and middle-class working Americans has been entirely inadequate to stem the tide of rising economic stress since the 1970s .
Capital understands this and prefers to use the crisis to force down government spending and destroy public unions , which now represent more workers than private sector unions , thereby using the crisis to their long-term advantage by reducing the organized power of labor .
Dutch consumers do n't have to worry about paying a lot of money for their health care , even if they are sick , in part because the insurance has very little cost-sharing-and in part because the government continues to play a strong role in setting prices , although it 's been gradually relaxing them .
Shellenberger says visionary proposals are precisely what progressives need right now , `` devices that will prompt battles that may be lost legislatively but won at a cultural and political level '' because they would force conservatives to take a position at odds with the pursuit of energy independence .
But because neither the war nor the economy depends deeply on heavy industry , because government policy is not geared for redistribution and the private economy no longer turns on the concept that excess profits will be spread around in the form of higher wages and benefits , the co-opted worker has given way to the anxious worker .
Those who deceive themselves and others that markets nurture democracy ignore the simple truth that markets tend to aggravate disparities in wealth and economic power .
Unlike Roosevelt 's enemies in the 1930s , James Burnham and Willmoore Kendall , two of National Review 's original senior editors , were not strict in their devotion to individual rights , the free market , or limited government .
That may sound like a modest punishment , but such sentences can be debilitating ; not only do they cause serious disruptions in the lives of parolees , who often lose jobs , apartments , and cars while inside , they condemn them to one of the worst and most poorly designed areas of prison life , the `` reception center .
This greed , this reckless , uncontrollable greed is almost like a disease which is hurting this country terribly .
But Kansas needs to quit giving Connecticut a free pass : rather than framing the fight over issues in the `` culture wars '' -- as important as those may be -- Kansas needs to stop allowing Connecticut to pay a middleman to assuage its guilt .
Individuals and families who go broke because of overwhelming medical bills are punished rather than supported by the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 .
However , this intense form of production for profit continues to exhaust the oceans and produce a concentration of waste that causes further problems for ecosystems , undermining their ability to regenerate at all levels .
Hopefully , the many Americans who have already learned in-depth about the dangers of convening a constitutional convention will educate the organizers and participants in the Tea Party groups and the 9\/12 Project about the downsides of a con-con before they can be organized into pressuring state legislators on a massive scale .
Right now , the forces with the power to control the uses and prices of energy , and dominate the government in their favor , are in the lead .
The true motivation for the plan was much simpler : The rationale was n't that rich people are bad but that they 're able , within reasonable limits , to afford a higher tax burden .
True , as companies and countries get richer , they can afford more efficient machinery that makes better use of fossil fuel , like the hybrid Honda Civic I drive .
Even under Reagan , the earned income tax credit emerged as a broadly acceptable intervention on behalf of low-wage workers ( its initial purpose being to offset the impact of Social Security payroll taxes ) .
The most common reason why people are destroying most of the South and Central American rain forests is corporate greed : the American meat habit has provided an economic boom to multinational corporate ranchers , and it is the primary reason behind the destruction of the tropical rain forests of the Americas .
That must be our goal in the fight for energy independence : we must adopt the innovative technologies that will make oil boring .
Ironically , the values touted by WEIRD multiculturalists are prevalent nowhere but in their own backyards ; the nationalism , religiosity , and puritanical values they deride are dominant in the cultures for which they urge tolerance .
Even though homeownership rates for African Americans are lower , and even though a `` segregation tax '' is in play because homes appreciate far more slowly in minority or even integrated neighborhoods , housing wealth is still a more prominent engine of wealth for African American families .
Alongside the always central problem of the distribution of output among social classes , there now arises the no less important question of the distribution of output between rational utilization and waste , between productive and destructive employment .
If more effective political leadership made the cause more mainstream , Generation X would readily embrace a larger social outlay for child care as well as paid family leave that could reduce the conflict in their roles as workers and parents .
In her new book , From Disgust to Humanity , University of Chicago philosopher Martha Nussbaum argues that visceral appeals to disgust - as opposed to rational principles - lie at the heart of contemporary laws targeting gay people , particularly gay men .
The Comcast case is a model for the free-speech battles of the future , where Internet and wireless providers may want to favor certain content providers over others in order to maximize profits at the expense of consumer choice .
Those are values we all share , and while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight , we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress .
They were vulnerable to these predatory products for the same reason they 're vulnerable to payday loans and other quick-fix , debt-trap credit - because asset-poor black families of all classes have far more insecure economic lives and fewer choices .
In other words , if you regard a college degree as a rough proxy for intelligence or hard work , then you are economically better off to be born rich , dumb , and lazy than poor , smart , and industrious .
The system of work sharing is most likely to primarily affect the less-educated portion of the labor force , both because less-educated workers are more likely to face unemployment , and because unemployment insurance benefits are capped , meaning that the program would pay a larger share of the wage package of a less-educated workers than that of more highly educated workers .
`` A really convenient book : anyone concerned about the environment and seeking the best solutions for how to protect it will find The Really Inconvenient Truths , by Iain Murray , to be a valuable , fact-filled resource that is both informative and entertaining .
Having a 401k alternative ready in the wings makes it easier to convince workers to accept the dismantling of their defined benefit plan , which is clearly the plan of many state governors and countless municipal governments as well .
Perhaps instead of fighting about tax cuts and tax increases , we 'll fight for a broad , positive agenda of economic security for families and a new role for the U.S. in the world , and revenues will become , once again , a consequence of other decisions .
Nothing makes me angrier than to think of the rich folks living in gated communities making money from commercially successful entertainment that ultimately destroys the lives of the most vulnerable children in our nation .
The innumerable special deals in our tax code , each crafted to advantage some narrow microeconomic interest , create unfairness for those not favored by these loopholes , while distorting markets by luring investment into sometimes less productive purposes .
In this perspective , nature is perceived as external to humans and full of usable material goods for consumption and gain .2 Certainly , there is a link between environmental degradation and social injustice : how people treat nature and how they treat each other is inseparably connected ( ecofeminism ) .
In other words , they got the number by excluding the portions of the tax cut that did the most to benefit the rich .
Sutton noted that , since the Supreme Court has allowed Congress to regulate economic activities that have a far smaller effect on interstate commerce , `` it is difficult to see why Congress may not regulate the 50 million Americans who self-finance their medical care .
He offers his autobiography as evidence that poverty is no bar to success and that today 's disadvantaged children fail only because they are not rescued by inspiring teachers like those from whom Klein himself had benefitted .
If these nations are wise , they will apply some of their increasing largess to creating the social safety nets for their citizens that will decrease the distance between the top and bottom rungs of the economic ladder and lead to social order , which will lead to stability and peace .
If you prime voters who have grown up in big cities with the word `` gun , '' you are likely to activate a network that includes `` handguns , '' `` murder , '' `` mugging , '' `` robbery , '' `` killing , '' `` crime , '' `` inner-city violence , '' `` machine guns , '' and `` criminals .
I had recounted her story in order to showcase the cruel inadequacies of our health care system and make the case for the kind of health care reform that I support and that , in the last year , the Democrats have embraced .
The dual relationship with women , as objects to be used in selling goods and as a huge potential market for goods , creates a peculiar process whereby women are encouraged and persuaded to participate actively in their own objectification .
What they then do is use it to elect people who support them and to unelect people who oppose their agenda and they use their political power to get legislation passed which makes the wealthy even wealthier .
And individual cities , including Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , and Rochester , New York , are working to create or expand child care and early-childhood educational opportunities for young , disadvantaged children .
CAFTA would replace that process with a set of unenforceable commitments , weakening labor rights in order to establish free trade with a region whose goods overwhelmingly already enjoy free access to the American market .
The loss of revenue due to lower tariff and tax rates ( cut to lower the price of foodstuffs and basic consumption goods ) , the costs of the pay raise , along with the Social Fund that was announced recently to aid disadvantaged families , will probably exceed $ 1 billion or roughly 6 percent of the Syrian governments entire budget .
If our goal is to create the kind of movement that is needed to take back power in Washington , we will have to create a national echo chamber in which progressive ideals are lifted up and amplified , as well as more investments in grass-roots organizing so that the echo resonates with the lives of citizens .
Much as a cap-and-trade program would make manufacturers compete for the right to spew C ( O.sub .2 ) , farms could compete through efficiency for the fight to suck up water .
Attempts by government to inject still more money into the economy , to prop up the bad decisions created by the last cycle of easy money and to repair the real economic pain caused by the boom-bust cycle , leads to more sustained pain , inflation , and economic stagnation .
Most American Catholic leaders , especially Cardinal Roger Mahoney in Los Angeles , Christian teachings , such as the story of the Good Samaritan , and Christian ideals , such as charity and forgiveness , drive many believers to support amnesty .
Yet these politicians and intellectuals were focusing on the direct effects of discontinuing a particular spending stream without considering the indirect effects -- all the business ventures , jobs , and wealth that those funds would create when steered away from military use and toward the service of the public as expressed in their voluntary spending patterns .
As a result , it is losing out on opportunities to attract investment , create manufacturing capabilities , and spur job growth .
Even if South Dakota 's ban is voted down for want of a rape or incest exception , the woman-protective argument against abortion will spread , making ever more commonplace the 19th-century forms of reasoning about women that underwrote the law .
The Child Care and Development Block Grant , which was created by the 1996 welfare-reform law , exists to help lowincome working women pay for child care .
Their film 's quiet rage against the perpetrators of gross criminal injustice is enriched by the characterization of Hunt as a man who somehow maintained his composure and his faith over 20 years , even as those working overtime to free him began to doubt they 'd ever succeed .
And as long as the industry is able to manage and dominate low-wage labor and consistently meet fluctuating client-firm demands , it will continue to play the role of gatekeeper for bad jobs that are increasingly the only form of employment available to larger numbers of low-skilled workers .
The party must remember that while winning elections is surely important , it is every bit as important to win them in ways that allow you to govern all the people once the ballots are counted .
Whoever attacked Bautsch ( in a crime that you would have heard about long before this column had the noisy protest outside the Louisiana fundraiser been held by Tea Party activists rather than scruffy left-anarchist types ) is ultimately responsible for whoever attacked Bautsch .
They will have to confront the disabling impact of economic recession on environmental regulation-almost always seen as an enemy of `` jobs '' - as well as the old canard that they are hopeless romantics standing athwart the thrust of progress .
Two decades of ever-more-punitive legislation have produced sentencing rules so bizarre and byzantine that the punishment for possessing images of sexually abused children can be more severe than the punishment for sexually abusing them .
There is no reason we can not lead the world in developing clean energy while continuing to fuel our economy with the energy it needs to create wealth , jobs , and opportunity .
Sometimes one man 's trash becomes another man 's treasure , but after folks who can use them pluck the used furniture and old clothes , there 's little use for the remaining cigarette butts , empty yogurt cups , and coffee grounds ( unless an entrepreneur invents one for them , turning garbage valuable overnight and naturally convincing folks to recycle ) .
High-school students protesting teacher layoffs and the privatization of education were violently attacked by police this week , with tear gas and live ammunition .
All have been weakened or even struck down , in whole or in part , by the Supreme Court in its defense of the free-speech rights of very wealthy individuals and corporations .
These emotionally tortuous childhoods created in Douglas and Thomas a burning anger , insecurity , and sense of class resentment , which they express by railing against institutions that , in their view , failed to recognize their worth .
The Renewable Energy Policy Project estimates that producing 10 percent of the nation 's electricity with renewable sources would create 381,000 jobs producing the component parts of the systems .
Of course the working class objected to the new freedoms of the Sexual Revolution , this argument ran , because they were more religious and socially conservative ( read : more ignorant ) than their better-educated peers , and thus were easily offended by the brave new age of Deep Throat , abortion on demand , and women in the workplace .
Republican governors and the business press distort this fact and make it appear as if the reason for rising health costs is that public workers have been getting big increases in health care benefits for years , thus creating the budget deficits .
Looking at the numbers , it 's pretty safe to say that with an efficient health care system , we could spend a little less than we do now and provide all Americans with the most spectacular care the world has ever known .
One argument has it that economic bubbles , sectors of the economy in which prices are artificially high , are caused by psychological factors that lead people to become irrationally committed to the production of particular kinds of goods .
Some on the left make excuses for the slaughter by the CCP on the bizarre basis that the Chinese government is somehow a defender of the working class .21 This kind of doublethink has to be rejected if a set of politics for true working-class liberation in China or anywhere else is going to be put forward .
Abstract : An ideal system would pay based on value , the degree of improvement , relief , and safety ( medical errors and incorrect procedures take almost 200,000 lives each year ) each service or procedure offered to patients .
Lobbying for the bill , Foster urges pro-life groups and members of Congress to think about the `` serious reasons , '' like lack of good child care or other social services , that make women reluctant to give birth .
One strand of this argument contends that , despite rising insecurity and inequality , most people are doing fine ; so it 's a mistake for Democrats to emphasize pocketbook issues , lest Democrats become a minority party of the poor .
It had a history of safety violations but did nothing in response other than fighting them or refusing to pay the fines .
Although temporary ( and guest ) worker legislation is usually introduced as a deceptive way to solve our illegal-immigration problem by increasing dramatically the level of legal immigration without obtaining the informed consent of the American people , it could be argued that certain very limited numbers of temporary workers could be beneficial for the United States .
As long as Republican politicians can attract voters with a mixture of social conservatism , middle-class entitlement spending , and a perpetual sense of danger from terrorism , they can afford to ignore the complaints of small-government libertarians like Bruce Bartlett , who have nowhere else to go except , perhaps , to the John Birch Society .
Underpinning many of these conservative economic arguments for dilution of established public-sector roles is the moral-claim notion that families will wind up better off once they have the `` opportunity '' to respond , without government mucking up the works , to more purely market-derived incentives ( in other words , people thrive on more risk ) .
Race and ethnicity are frequently subtexts and sometimes explicit factors in battles about public education , income security , health-care access , and even about how aggressively to respond to genocide .
Convinced that exploding health care costs were going to cripple the government and eventually the country , he used his perch to sound the alarm -- and used his agency to grease the wheels of change .
And the political process allows us to care for these groups in direct and easily understood ways , such as mandating a minimum wage , providing a pension program , subsidizing medical care , and creating price supports for agricultural products .
Yes , it would cost the state more money , but more satisfied and professionalized workers would lead to better care , lower turnover , and more satisfaction for parents and patients .
Despite the recent outbreak of party unity on Social Security , the Republican message machine keeps taunting Nancy Pelosi because upward of 40 House Democrats defected on the estate-tax repeal , the bankruptcy bill , and the assault on the right to sue .
NOMINEE 4 Rep. Steve King ( R-Iowa ) does n't just support building a wall at the border ; he wants to run 2,000 miles of electric fence on top of it , carrying `` the kind of current that would not kill somebody , but it would simply be a discouragement for them to be fooling around with it . ''
Quite often business interests have tried to play down , rather than enhance , the South 's racial preoccupations in order to attract northern investment ; they made the argument that the region was , as the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce used to say , `` too busy to hate .
You are governed by the rich , whose elections are financed by the rich , so that the elected rich can return the favors to their rich friends .
Plastic-bottle manufacturing relies on fossil fuels and releases toxic chemicals into the air and water supply that can adversely affect nervous systems , blood , kidneys , and immune systems , and can cause cancer and birth defects .
For all of us who understand that Social Security is life and death for tens of millions of Americans today and will be vitally important for working people as they reach retirement age , it is important that we understand that Social Security has done a great job .
But greedy bastards have given up on creating value for others and instead get their money by rigging the game so that they can steal from the rest of us .
It is precisely the fact that ecological destruction is built into the inner nature and logic of our present system of production that makes it so difficult to solve .
A consequence of this intensifying xenophobia could be a backlash of anger , bitterness , and further alienation of Muslim populations who are already frustrated by limited opportunities , high unemployment , and poor housing conditions .
Instead of the tyranny of enforced virtue , the political economists preached the vision of a `` natural system of liberty '' in which the invisible hand would transmute the avarice and greed of individuals into the public good of wealth for all .
In fact , the AAAS report , following the lead of the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , stated that global warming is real , that it 's caused by human activity , and that it is an unprecedented threat .
`` The fundamental problem , '' says David Hamilton , director of the Sierra Club 's global warming program , `` is that 85 percent of the public believes global warming is a problem , but only 35 percent believes it is an urgent problem .
Even though the near collapse of the financial system has opened a debate in the mainstream about whether the banks should be nationalized , Pollin rejects this as too risky , arguing that failures and scandals would continue under state control and that public anger might be shifted from Wall Street to the federal government .
As President , Barack Obama also will create a Global Energy Corps composed of our scientists and engineers who will work with local partners overseas to help reduce global greenhouse gas emissions and promote low-carbon and affordable energy solutions in developing nations .
When we 're finished using a good , we can increase its value by sharing it with others , and we 're often happy to do so free of charge .
It could have preserved and promoted key industries and supply networks by creating favorable credit policies , tax incentives , local content rules , and tariffs to punish currency manipulation from countries like China .
This is a compelling moment to connect attacks on education to the capitalist crisis , particularly the parasitic financialization , war spending , and tax cuts for the rich that have looted the public coffers , bankrupted states , and threaten our schools .
There we all were , pursuing happiness , being responsible ( making sure we kept hydrated ) , good citizens ( helping that straight man push his truck ) , happy , happy high people .
By the same token , the cut in the estate tax may have discouraged spending ; the rich could now safely stow away more money for their children and grandchildren , and they had less incentive to give away money to charities that would have spent the money on good causes .
Republican leaders , the new Republican base , and the Republican contenders for president all want to give yet another tax cut to corporations and the rich , never mind that that would worsen the debt .
FACING THIS PROBLEM is crucially important because our current legislative gridlock is making it increasingly difficult for lawmakers to tackle the issues that are central to our country 's future -- issues like climate change , the hard slog of recovering from a financial slump , and our long-term fiscal gap .
Asked whether such mechanisms are the source of moral hazard -- the tendency of people to act irresponsibly when they know they will be shielded from the full consequences of their actions -- Bernanke merely added that the Fed was created to avert financial panics and make for more orderly markets .
Think about that : for these young women , their pregnancy is n't the result of ignorance about the birds and the bees ; it is n't a result of a failure in contraceptive devices ; it is n't the result of an uncontrollable sex drive .
Authors Gannon and Lawson argue that it is not sufficient to merely tax the industry for the harms it creates ; the industry should also be made to express its penance by devoting a significant percent of its productive hours and efforts to persuading the public to believe the opposite of what the advertising intends .
Then and now , the biggest hope for health care reform is `` reducing health care premiums and costs for the average family , '' while the goal of `` guaranteeing that no one will lose coverage if they move , get sick or lose their job '' is not far behind .
An elitist assumption is that people do n't change because they are either ignorant of their problems or ignorant of solutions .
Great pressure is applied then to members of Congress to pass the agreement , by the White House and corporate lobbyists , with extravagant claims about the benefits to be reaped by increased trade and , conversely , the dire consequences that will befall the United States ' economy , competitiveness , and international stature if they fail to expeditiously approve it .
Or so says the Justice Department , which reads the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act ( CFAA ) broadly enough to encompass personal use of company computers as well as violations of website rules that people routinely ignore .
But though they broke and killed his body , they never destroyed his faith ; they never imprisoned his soul .
Abstract : Recognizing that developers had created high-end gated communities with highly efficient use of space and materials , Goodemann thought of applying similar design elements to affordable housing when he helped launch the Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership , a nonprofit community development agency , in 1992 .
Two decades later , Brenda Stevenson applied Berlin 's model to Loudon County , Virginia , finding the '' ( f ) inancially unstable and socially marginalized '' free blacks there resented by local whites , who subjected them to a `` growing antagonism '' and `` increasingly harsh social and economic conditions '' that threatened `` every aspect of their lives .
As Paul Dutton explains in a new book called Differential Diagnoses , the French prize individual liberty , so they created an insurance system that , today , allows free choice of doctor and offers highly advanced medical care to those who need it .
The new economy rich often favor tax increases because , in contrast to Republicans and their business backers , they enthusiastically support increased government spending on education , health care , and scientific research .
There are different natural alternatives and strategies you can use to get more sleep or cure slight cases of insomnia , including taking herbs to making practical changes like learning to handle stress better , changing behaviors or patterns , or getting counseling .
While a joint task force made up of the Labor Department and the Internal Revenue Service has been established to crack down on worker misclassification , a practice of which the FedEx Ground division has been repeatedly found guilty , the Department of Defense continues to award FedEx huge contracts .
Growing income inequality makes those near the top envious and insecure , leading them to work ever harder .
Americans might do well to question how they define progress ; to stop confusing standard of living with standard of materialism ; to hold their government accountable for the policies it pursues in their names ; to call for an end to the permanent war economy ; and to demonstrate faith that their nation can thrive outside a hyper-power framework .
Tea Party leaders are so colorful , and their protest signs are so nutty , that dismissing them is more attractive than engaging them .
Rather he contends that the root of this problem rests with the government officials and health experts who have convinced the public to eat the very foods that create an insulin imbalance that ultimately leads to obesity and diabetes .
He argues that worker and community-organizing campaigns should target the public and private banks that control an increasing share of the economy as well as corporations like Wal-Mart rather than the multitudes of small firms that make up its supply chain .
Led by the Socialist Party , France cut its work-week to thirty-five hours in order to share job opportunities and reduce unemployment .
As a result , the AMT is less effective in making the super rich pay their fair share than it ought to be .
WE ARE IN DESPERATE NEED OF MUSLIM LEADERS WHO will galvanize and energize moderates to build communities that are inclusive , tolerant , and compassionate , with social values that are as progressive as Islam itself , and who would not let radicalism define our communities .
But far from taking pride in its press freedoms or expanding its constitutional liberties , many in the small middle class created by the country 's early investments in higher education were exasperated with manifestations of mass democracy -- especially the flexing of electoral muscle by low-caste groups in the 1980s , which caused a middleclass exodus to the upper-caste Hindu nationalists .
These tax dollars will `` support the America 's Great Outdoors Initiative , restore long-leaf pine habitat , improve water quality in priority landscapes , decommission roads , implement travel management plans , and create green jobs .
The only support Kennedy offered for this ode to women 's emotional vulnerability was a brief filed by `` 180 post-abortive women '' who said they `` suffered the adverse emotional and psychological effects of abortion .
This last step is imperative for a number of reasons : First , many hundreds of millions of dollars in generational wealth have been destroyed in the genocide , and , while Khartoum must provide the lion 's share of the money , it should be divided up by local arbitrators .
In such programs , government would provide subsidies , incentives , and technical support to particular kinds of enterprises , because markets dominated by capitalist enterprises would otherwise destroy them and because their existence provides important social benefits .
Thus , those who have noticed that Sen. John McCain enjoys a reputation as a `` maverick '' who `` stands up to special interests '' while leading a campaign that is operated and funded entirely by lobbyists have seen this as a contradiction .
Though banks as creditors lose out in this respect , big banks more than make up for it by selling government securities at a premium and by pyramiding loans on top of security dealers ' deposits .
Well , that 's because the upper echelon benefits from `` creativity , '' when in fact Florida 's `` creative class '' is defined to include essentially everyone in the highest-earning third of the work force - including the titans of finance , whose `` creativity '' has turned out to be deeply destructive .
Although not as consistent a defender of aspects of the free market as his mentor von Mises ( or his contemporary Murray Rothbard ) , Hayek 's influential 1944 book The Road to Serfdom remains one of the most devastating attacks yet written on collectivism and its consequences .
Supply-side economics , which rewards the rich with generous tax breaks and tells us that the resulting economic growth will `` trickle down '' to everyone else , has proven a cruel hoax .
At the time of the Bell system breakup in 1984 , the monopoly advantages enjoyed by the company ( which were wrongly attributed to the free market , not government favoritism ) had created an economic behemoth with $ 150 billion in assets , $ 70 billion in revenues , and a million employees .
Keynes believed that markets worked best when enlightened policymakers reined in the supposed excesses of speculation by tight regulatory controls , exploited the monetary tricks of modern central banking to tame the business cycle , and used tax rates to manipulate productivity .
Ultimately , socialism will succeed or fail depending on whether the growing anger against the injustices and failures of the present system can be channeled into such struggles , and whether they can be linked together to create not just a call for change , but a challenge to the ruling order itself .
You have shamed sex , even as you have shamed life , calling it evil and wicked , rather than the highest gift and the greatest pleasure .
In fact , Sunni and Shia political leaders have been torn between bitterly blaming one another for the crisis , blaming `` the troublemaker in the middle '' ( the Americans ) -- something it seems all sides can agree on -- and calling for restraint and nonviolence .
As an unfortunate result , too many politicians are craven and morally decrepit demagogues who pander to the entitlement-minded segment of society , assuring them that they are indeed entitled , slandering those who oppose such entitlements as greedy , selfish , and coldhearted , and promising ever-larger entitlements if reelected .
When you tell people that you intend to run and govern as a `` compassionate conservative , '' using a word that is the essence of all religious faith-compassion-and then show no compassion for anyone who disagrees with you and no patience with those who cry to you for help , you are doing something immoral .
Hatzfeld nicely captures the mixture of lassitude , oratory , and astounding stories of running , hiding , and heartless killing that make up a typical session .
Since profits ultimately depend on the valued added by labor performed in the work process , if the number of workers necessary to produce the same output declines , there would be a downward pressure on profit rates , once again deterring future investment .
But the few nervous consultants and isolated lawmakers who say the party must produce its own plan misread the changed dynamic .
They care about whether the outcome is the result of a gain or a loss , and they assign greater importance to losses than to gains .
The pioneering Nurse-Family Partnership provides visits to low-income expectant mothers and their families by trained registered nurses who use proven methods to help improve the mental and physical health of the family by providing counseling on substance abuse , creating and achieving personal goals , and effective methods of nurturing children .
Americans are still mostly suffering through the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression , but Wall Street profits and multimillion-dollar bonuses soon returned to record levels .
FDR was pressured to create more extensive social welfare programs by the largest protest movement the country had seen since the populist movement of the late 1890s .
The Health Care Monopoly is a ripple effect of other monopolies but merits special notice because of the all-consuming growth of the medical sector and because health care and insurance so profoundly shape decisions about jobs , money , and financial planning .
We would hate for people who now depend on retirement benefits to be cut off .
It was because an unregulated mortgage industry created opportunities for people to capitalize on the bundled Wall Street securitizations that caused a huge negative effect .
The first was already outlined in 1919 , developed in his 1929 The Law of Accumulation , and further elaborated in ( semi-published ) detail in 1941.3 Capitalist production , he pointed out following Marx , is at once a labor process creating use values with particular physical characteristics , and a process of self-expanding value creating new wealth through the exploitation of wage labor .
Second , when labor markets are slack , we create public-service jobs to keep people gainfully employed , drawing on the successful experience of transitional jobs programs that have sprung up around the country using public funds to create work for people struggling to get a foothold in the labor market .
Getting trade agreements that allow free trade in professional services , and thereby put downward pressure on the wages of those at the top end of the labor market and reduce the cost of the services they provide to less-educated workers , will be a tough sell .
In 2004 , California grocery workers walked out for four months because their employers -- fearful that Wal-Mart , with its famously meager benefits , was coming into the area -- were threatening to offer lower health benefits .
Although Wal-Mart weathered the Great Recession better than a lot of other retailers , the Bentonville , Arkansas-based merchant is a mature company whose fortunes are depressed by the wage stagnation and unemployment that have made life so difficult for many of its shoppers .
This small but important fertility increase is good news for those who worry about Social Security deficits , but bad news for those who worry about societal security on a planet with finite resources .
Problems with private pension funds , as well as private suppliers of education , health , and infrastructure , are showing us that social services are too critical to be ruled by private profit motives .
Field 's analysis draws heavily on the work of the economist Hyman Minsky , who argued in the 1970s and 1980s that the search for profits would drive bankers to ever riskier financial investments and the only effective counterforce was tough governmental regulation that placed strict limits on the risks and leverage of the financial sector .
Progressive values in the culture wars benefit from a positive-feedback mechanism : Measures to include blacks , women , and now uncloseted gays and lesbians in the public sphere lead more people to interact with the formerly excluded group , building popular support for further measures .
Surpluses lowered prices and forced small operators out of business , and such surpluses were turned into products like high-fructose corn syrup and ethanol , which created more health problems or took grain out of food production to make more money .
The president has since zeroed out funding for new school construction , cut funding for teacher education and failed to extend Head Start to all children eligible , all while allowing states to siphon funds from the program .
Furthermore , the coalition argues , low earnings force drivers to use old diesel engines that pollute the air in port-adjacent communities and along freight routes , resulting in billions of dollars in medical costs to treat lung cancer , heart disease , and asthma .
The Fair Employment Practices Commission ( created by FDR to ward offa threatened March on Washington in 1941 led by A. Phillip Randolph to demand war jobs for African Americans ) outlawed discrimination in defense-industry hiring .
Elsewhere , U.S.A. fails to analyze the sources of personal insecurity and family instability among the less educated , who have borne the true brunt of the growing `` risk society , '' and it never addresses the policies that might soften inequality ( greater public investments in education , especially higher education , would make sense here ) .
The rationale for patent protection is that inventors , or the firms that em-ploy them , will not spend large amounts of money to develop a product that a competitor who incurred no development expense can cheaply copy and produce , and thus sell profitably at a lower price than the inventor .
Second , the nation depends on a structure of supports for low-wage work because the nation has an extensive low-wage labor market , and much of the work available to families with limited skills is low wage .
Paul Helmke , president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , opined : `` It is time for leaders in Washington to drop empty platitudes after each horrific shooting , and instead do what they 're paid to do : show backbone , and enact reasonable laws to keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of dangerous people .
Because of low confidence in their ability to do so , however , fundraising is difficult ; an ambitious black politician can easily become trapped in a vicious cycle of low expectations and diminished opportunities .
This convergence is the only antidote to the politics of isolation and self-interest that have dominated the public debate for the last several decades and is only possible when a deep layer of movement leaders comes together with shared values and vision .
It will be because we ensure that workers in these occupations get middle-class incomes by providing much stronger minimum-wage and labor-union protections , economic security with good health care , as well as community-development and social-insurance programs .
The political message is appealing to the partisans of self-reliance : Allowing individuals to forgo coverage encourages the young and healthy to live dangerously , giving them a free ride on the public purse when things go awry and making health care more expensive for everyone else .
But it is a false triumph if , in the process of imposing control , we create more enemies and further undermine the legitimacy of any new government we support .
When you ignore the fundamental teachings of the Gospels , which say that the way the strong treat the weak is the ultimate ethical test , by giving tax breaks to the wealthiest among us so that the strong will get stronger and the weak wi ll get weaker , you are doing something immoral .
In states or regions experiencing heavy waves of non-white immigration , the party 's white conservative base tends to grow alarmed , and any particular spark -- an economic downturn , a brutal crime widely publicized by the media -- can lead to an explosion of racial hostility .
The president and Congress should fund research to better assess the effects on the oceans of global warming and the buildup of atmospheric carbon dioxide and make sure that any climate change legislation or strategy takes proper account of ocean impacts and makes improved resilience of ocean systems a goal of any climate-adaptation strategy .
Actually , it is not such good news for skeptics either , as colder weather is much more dangerous and uncomfortable than warmer weather for many reasons .
It used to be popular to argue that the European scientific revolution of the 17th century unleashed the rational curiosity of the educated classes , whose theories were then applied in the form of new technologies , which in turn allowed standards of living to rise .
Cutting those subsidies was the right decision , but the private plans have had their revenge , telling their members - about one-fourth of all Medicare beneficiariesthat because of the new legislation , they 'll lose benefits . ''
The result has been an often one-sided debate , in which Democratic values and policies are viciously attacked while Republican ideas receive no serious scrutiny .
But his notion of freedom was profoundly communitarian , rooted as it was in certain moral understandings of man and the good life , of human beings living together in honorable interdependence , of families being free because obliged to each other .
Investing in public works helps to counteract poverty and inequality by creating good jobs that are not subject to competition from low-wage countries and by increasing productivity and mobility in the domestic economy .
Abstract : George W. Bush has made tax cuts the touchstone of his presidency , supporting new ones each year , with the economy in growth and in recession , with record budget surpluses and record deficits , in peace and in war .
This leadership will allow this nation to become energy independent and no longer fund the people we currently fight by purchasing their oil . ''
Thus it did not take much of a leap for Fox News and the Tea Party to suggest Obama was causing these problems himself , rather than trying to clean up problems that someone else created .
Some have led to lower energy use ( though lower yields , too ) ; others to better nutrient retention ; some greater nutrient losses ; and most to greater labor use .
His logic was simple : If he could avoid the mountains of paperwork that come with insurance , he could cut his costs and make sure health care was within reach of everyone .
While the Massachusetts Attorney General 's Office report failed to link the preexisting conditions mandate as the reason for the disconnect from the actual cost of the services and the price charged , they did conclude that '' our preliminary review has revealed serious system-wide failings in the commercial health care marketplace which , if unaddressed , imperil access to affordable , quality health care .
But taxpayers do know already that TARP was designed in a way that allowed the same corporations who were saved by huge amounts of taxpayer money to continue to show the same arrogant traits that should have destroyed their companies . ''
Faced with overcrowded prisons and outrageous corrections costs , they are reducing sentences for low-risk , nonviolent drug users and creating treatment programs intended to help them stay out of prison for good and become productive members of society .
More generally , a variety of tax provisions ( like special treatment of retirement accounts ) are designed to encourage individuals to save more ; whether they actually lead to more savings is questionable , but because they are of much greater benefit to upper-income individuals , they do help enrich the rich who do save .
The Earned Income Tax Credit , one of the most effective anti-poverty policies of the last third of the 20th century , was an effort to create incentives for low-income people to work .
Numerous interest groups seize the widespread public concern for the poor to create support for government transfers that are designed and implemented to benefit those very interest groups more than the poor who were supposedly the primary beneficiaries .
With so much money spent on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist , there is ample room to increase security at the same time that we cut defense expenditures .
The Republicans are not only heartless , they are also hypocritical , since the cause of all this misery was the market abandon that they promoted so messianically .
Because the contracts are tied to a particular shipment of birds , abad flock - due to unhealthy birds , the company sending low-quality feed , or an uncontrollable weather event - can destroy a farmer : He or she does n't have a guaranteed chance to recover because the company can decide not to supply a new contract .
( Right-wingers have attacked these data by arguing that the IRS improperly counts adjusted gross income , but however you try to bend the numbers the trend is unmistakable .
Bar-Gill does not refer to the gorilla experiment , but he places a lot of emphasis on salience , and he contends that because consumers are imperfectly rational , they are likely to ignore important information and hence to make big mistakes .
When you ignore the fundamental teachings of the Gospels , which say that the way the strong treat the weak is the ultimate ethical test , by giving tax breaks to the wealthiest among us so that the strong will get stronger and the weak will get weaker , you are doing something immoral .
They have done so precisely because creation science , as a legal strategy , proved a dramatic failure : In the 1987 case Edwards v. Aguillard , seven out of nine Supreme Court justices ruled that a Louisiana law requiring the teaching of creation science as a counterpoint to evolution violated the First Amendment by promoting religion .
This summer , Ross Douthat and Reihan Salam are set to publish Grand New Party , in which they argue that the Republican Party must address the economic needs and aspirations of its middle-class base , transforming itself into the party of Sam 's Club rather than the country club .
No other country in the world has achieved this level of success with a form of agriculture that uses the ecological services of biodiversity and reduces food miles , energy use , and effectively closes local production and consumption cycles .
These rate cuts only perpetuated the distortion of economic decisions and prevented savings , investment , and consumption from realigning with true preferences , as opposed to the illusory ones created by easy credit and artificially low interest rates .
Contrary to old communist arguments against private property , de Soto argues that what the poor in the third world need to improve their standard of living are strong private property laws .
House Energy and Commerce Chairman Joe Barton offered the most Orwellian defense of the package , arguing that `` this bill is based on the premise that we believe in private free-market capitalism to develop the resources of this land in a cost-efficient fashion .
Thus improving outcomes for community college students will have a disproportionate positive effect on minority and low-income students .
It 's reasonable to think that Barr 's failure to do this was well-deserved , that his votes for the Patriot Act and the Iraq War resolution made him an unacceptable choice for anyone who took such issues seriously .
It 's a credit to Baur that he sees these folks not as villains but as victims of agribusiness interests and complicit politicians .
Because of the need for steady labor and the absence of significant international competition , major corporations created working conditions for middle - and lower-class workers that the world had never seen before : high wages , cradle-to-grave benefits , job security , a willingness to allow the formation of unions and provide support to local communities .
The work was fast-paced and stressful , and conditions were worsened by frequent forced hours of overtime work , which caused day-care problems - even job loss - for workers with children .
The very seriousness of the climate change problem arising from human-generated carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions has led to notions that it is merely necessary to reduce carbon footprints ( a difficult problem in itself ) .
There is a conviction rooted in our political traditions , dating before the time of Jefferson , that a broad and relatively even distribution of property is the basis for a stable and free republican system , and a related concern that concentration of power and wealth threatens liberty and reduces the possibility of self-government .
The Affordable Care Act had the support of AARP and included benefits for the elderly , but polls indicated those benefits made little impression .
Creating domestic sources of energy is a national security issue as well as an economic one .
As President , Barack Obama will create a new $ 4,000 American Opportunity Tax Credit to make community college completely free and cover two-thirds of the cost of tuition at the typical public university .
This part of her portfolio attracts much less attention than the roller ~ coaster financial markets , but Brainard recently launched the Food Security Trust Fund to assist developing nations in creating sustainable agriculture , stopping hunger , and reducing poverty .
Employees also had long-standing frustrations about the low pay , the arbitrary layoffs and shift changes , the lack of bathroom facilities for workers , the shared changing room for male and female employees , and the refusal to grant sick days .
By comparison , the increase in annual defense spending since 2001 has been more than 1 percent of the gross domestic product , twice the size of the Social Security shortfall projected by the CBO .
Since mortality growth was `` synchronous '' across tree categories , other possibilities were eliminated , leading the scientists to find that `` regional warming may be the dominant contributor to the increases in tree mortality rates ... by increasing water deficits and thus drought stress on trees '' and by `` enhancing the growth and reproduction of insects and pathogens that attack trees .
An election-eve poll found that 70 percent of voters believed the influence of large campaign contributions were a major factor in today 's economic crisis , and that 77 percent believed that large contributions will prevent Congress from finding solutions to such challenges as health care , the economic crisis , energy independence , and global warming .
A more cynical view would be that the discussions are based on racial stereotypes and that creating distance between black and white workers on that basis avoids deeper discussions about how inequalities are generated and tolerated-along both racial and class lines .
The challenge is figuring out how to extract and use the energy , without using even more energy or causing big problems in the process .
I suspect this lack of research interest in sexually oriented media is attributable to the prejudices of the village elders who direct much of the social science research : although they seem very concerned about the impact of violence , they are fiercely protective of No-Fault Freedom when it comes to sexual liberation .
Normally in support of `` freedom of choice '' for everything under the sun , reporters portrayed Benedict 's allowance of the old liturgy for those who want it ( and without imposing it on those who do not ) as an appalling step backward and proof positive of this pontiffs sinister and reactionary intentions .
Meanwhile , U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu has been babbling of late about how Americans are akin to `` teenage kids '' when it comes to the use of energy , rationalizing his efforts to change our behavior to suit the government .
Most important , Wells wanted to convey the message that psychologists could offer suggestions for improving the criminaljustice system based on research , suggestions almost certain to reduce the number of wrongful convictions .
While it is apparently true that since the mid-1990s the percentage of highways providing `` acceptable '' rides increased and bridges having deficient ratings decreased , in terms of miles of highway and total numbers of bridges that need serious upgrades or replacement , the numbers have gone up dramatically .
Most of the right-wing commentary purporting to prove that the rich bear the overwhelming burden of government relies upon the simple trick of citing only the income tax , which is progressive , while ignoring more regressive levies .
African churches exist in a ferociously competitive environment , one where traditional groups -- like Anglicans and Catholics -- must fight to maintain their market share against newer Pentecostal denominations , with their enticing promises of miracles and healings .
On the other are `` whole child '' reformers , who argue that focusing on schools is both too narrow and unfair to educators , because the stresses of poverty have such a crippling effect on young children 's development that dramatic educational improvement is impossible without much broader policies to alleviate poverty .
I suggested earlier that such a result contradicts fundamental laws of economics , but of course I was thinking of business firms , which will cut back if they discover that they are adding costs without generating commensurate increases in profits .
What we have to learn from others is how to flee greed , and how to flee greed in a way that does not sabotage the expansiveness of peoples ' lives .
Unfortunately , we are gradually losing our fights to ambitious bureaucrats in government who think nothing of using the power of government to destroy people .
The government also continues to use national security concerns to limit popular exposure to any ideas that might encourage critical thinking of alternatives .
To prepare for change and take full advantage of these opportunities , many states have created legislative committees and planning groups - a process that should ideally be broadly representative and collaborative without being captured by the insurance or health-care industries .
Any time a producer has managed to work hand-in-glove with the government to establish an artificial monopoly on a good or service , the quality of the good or service stagnates and prices are higher than in free markets where the same product is produced .
If Miliband is smart , he 'll ignore Blair and promote himself as the man who will take us back to those more gentle days when market forces did n't rule every aspect of our lives .
In May 1933 , U.S. Senate Banking Committee counsel Ferdinand Pecora exposed how Morgan reserved shares at reduced prices for certain clients , giving guaranteed profits to former President Calvin Coolidge , Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's sitting treasury secretary , the chairmen of the Republican and Democratic national committees , and the CEO s of General Electric , AT&T , and Standard Oil , among others .
( Over the past 20 years or so , America has n't had a poverty problem , just a literacy problem , a welfare problem , an affordable-health-care problem , an innercity-schools problem , and an Internet-access problem .
His natural habitat threatened by the growing popularity of the FairTax , Bruce Bartlett rather sadly resorts to the most damning fiction he can create in order to malign this thoroughly researched proposal ( `` Dianetics , the Tax Plan , '' September 10 ) .
Knowing full well that the source of the weapons was none other than the U.S. .
Many Tea Partiers believe the country 's economic and political woes are a direct result of Washington abandoning the Constitution , which they believe calls for an extremely limited federal government that does not concern itself with matters like bank failures or health care reform .
What is clear about Xybernaut , Christian says , is this : `` Their stock was manipulated both up and down to allow offshore companies , including hedge funds and financial investment funds , to make millions of dollars at the expense of poor innocent investors who paid for their shares with their hard-earned money that ultimately , because of such manipulation , became worthless .
Let me be clear ; I would also like to heal the sick , educate children , create the best jobs , stop discrimination of all kinds , and create better lives for everyone .
In its crusade against sick leave , the DOL is ignoring the opinions of the very employers this policy is no doubt intended to benefit : 80 percent to 90 percent of employers in the DOL 's own survey said the FMLA had a neutral or positive effect on productivity , profitability , and employee morale .
In search of rent ( and profits ) from the monopolization of nature , people have sought to acquire and monopolize large tracts of land with exceptionally favorable characteristics , leading to the advancing frontiers of agriculture and other extraction activities and the consequent destruction of natural habitats .
The highest quality elementary and secondary education in the United States , meanwhile , lies outside of the public schools altogether in a very small number of extremely elite private schools devoted to the education of the children of the very rich , whose goal is to generate a governing class .
If the potentially progressive element of an industrial sector exists primarily in enterprises based overseas , it becomes that much more difficult to bring the political coalition to life that would use regulation effectively to solve the underlying social problem by spurring more rapid technological advances .
Mother Jones could better use its valuable space documenting the abuses that occur against gays and lesbians and that receive far too little coverage .
American corporations are in business to make profits and boost their share value , not to create good American jobs .
Thanks to his vast intellectual range and the urgency of the moment , Summers has thus far taken a leading role in the housing plan , the auto industry rescue , health care , and energy , in addition to the stimulus .
Although both Christianity and Islam each have their strong points , without doubt , on balance their historical record would show more liabilities , more warfare , more intolerance , more persecution , than truly positive assets .
A free people must never accept this principle , which can only lead to domination by the artificial entity of the corporation , which is driven by the singular yardstick of profit .
With Bernanke at the helm , the Fed , which can create money out of thin air , has pumped trillions of newly created fiat ( unbacked ) dollars into the economy , even though this reckless expansion of the money supply ( inflation ) will diminish the value of the dollar and further hurt the economy in the long run .
Our children are not learning because the present system is depriving them of such natural stimuli to learning as exercising their resourcefulness to solve the real problems of their own communities ; working together , rather than competitively , with younger children emulating older ones and older children teaching younger ones ; experiencing the intrinsic consequences of their own actions ; judging issues .
So far the government has shown more interest in rewarding good behavior than punishing bad .
It is certainly easy for men living in blue state urban centers-who know that no woman in their family or social circle will ever be denied a safe abortion-to casually dismiss the importance of the rights of poor women in the two dozen states at high risk of banning or severely restricting access to abortion in a post-Roe world .
Using faith traditions to justify a mean-spirited strategy of abandoning people to their own private resources is neither charity nor justice , and it is a practice that has no place in Judaism , Christianity , Islam , or any of the world 's faith traditions .
Well , yacht owners reacted by purchasing their recreational assets offshore , creating a devastating impact on the boating industry in Florida and other coastal states , and destroying the jobs of some 25,000 workers in the industry .
Meanwhile Richard Nixon exploited the war to win the White House , a victory made possible because Johnson , trapped by the war , chose not to run for reelection .
Given how critical a college degree is to middle-class aspirations , as well as American productivity in a global economy , this is precisely the kind of big-ticket item that can frame popular support and an engaged constituency .
Schools that fail to take advantage of their newfound freedom would , over time , be forced to shut their doors , freeing resources for better schools elsewhere .
The resulting downward pressure on wages meant that although the productivity of U.S. workers improved dramatically since 1980 , their real wages remained flat , with the exception of a brief period in the late 1990s , at the height of the tech and telecom asset bubbles and before China really became a force in U.S. markets .
Here we see the immense power of the legitimating myth : by discussing it as though the issue had something to do with the efficiency of markets or the freedom of consumer choice , the defense of a functionless pool of profits can be made to seem a legitimate political position .
In the Keynesian view , because fiat money created by and manipulated by the state is superior to gold ( `` that barbarous relic , '' Keynes called it ) , economic growth depends not on the accumulation of wealth via savings but on spending and consumption .
Obama rightly stressed that this vision of a society favoring the interests of corporations and the rich lies behind almost everything that Republicans do in Congress .
They make particularly good targets for credit shenanigans , since the government makes it easy for dealers to garnish wages when an enlistee defaults on a loan .
But Obama has also proposed more targeted policies : guaranteed sick days to protect low-wage workers , for whom a bad cold can often lead directly to a pink slip ; transportation subsidies to help inner-city workers get to better-paying jobs in the suburbs ; child care programs to make it easier for single parents to hold down a job .
At its inception , neoliberalism meant abandoning reflexive loyalty to such Democratic interest groups as blacks and labor unions and also leaving behind knee-jerk leftist hostility to business and the military .
Many armed soldiers from the Special Weapons And Tactics police force and the private-contracted security force Blackwater-who were supposed to be there on rescue missions-had their guns pointed at citizens .
In stark contrast to the sadistic attitude toward labor , when speculative excesses or some other miscalculation create adverse economic conditions that threaten to harm powerful business interests , especially in finance , the Fed is almost certain to rush in to the rescue .
It also provides community block grants to encourage better grocery stores to move into low-income areas and other programs that , if implemented , could make the job of being a low-income parent easier .
It is a feel-good reality show that highlights the hard work and struggles of local charities , and provides those charities the opportunity to receive generous donations from charitable millionaires who volunteer for the charities incognito .
But he also benefits handsomely from conservatives ' desperation , which makes them more likely to accept someone they disagree with on certain issues .
She has decided that teachers ' unions are a good thing because teachers best understand what students need and because organized teachers can best resist the often wrong-headed nostrums of giddy reformers .
It 's an easy way to hitch a ride , but it undermines Democratic leaders ' ability to get the credit their party deserves for having created the programs voters now see as part of the landscape , and to garner citizen support for future programs .
The reasoning was that the bankers who were using these instruments were the ones who knew them best and that they would make rational decisions based upon their own interest .
Even allowing for creative bookkeeping ( which occurred then , just as it does now ) , there is still no denying that the United States was far closer to solvency -- and thus economic , social , and military security -- under the last Democratic administration than we were under the leaderless , government-by-crisis Republican administration of George W ( astrel ) Bush .
But while imported products may benefit working-class consumers as much as they benefit affluent consumers , the benefits of imported labor overwhelmingly accrue to the wealthy because the wealthy spend a much greater share of their incomes on services .
But it turned out that crime , welfare , high taxes , and some of the new inequities imposed in the name of resolving old ones really were legitimate problems that millions of Americans wanted solved for reasons having nothing to do with hatred of black people .
He has proposed using `` age as a specific criterion for the allocation and limitation of care , '' and argues that after a certain point , people could justifiably be denied Medicare coverage for life-extending treatments .
The use of the male monopoly over instruments of production to relegate women to lower productivity tasks is exemplified in his discussion ( based on the famous work of Maria Mies ) of crop production in rural Andhra Pradesh in India .
( The Supreme Court had upheld in 1819 the constitutionality of Congress chartering a central bank in McCulloch v. Maryland .3 ) In 1913 , the Sixteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was passed , empowering Congress to create a tax on income , which was then used to create a graduated income tax that has been with us ever since .
A heartless Republican Congress is cutting programs for the needy , assaulting unions , and kowtowing to the rich .
The strength of America on display 10 years ago did not result from centralizing new bureaucracies in Washington , unionizing new sets of federal employees , or devising easier ways for the government to snoop on and even kill its own citizens .
During the Social Security fight last year , the right 's main goal was not to cut benefits but to funnel as much of the money as possible into private accounts , where Wall Street could take a healthy piece .
With these funds , states have been launching new strategies , creating innovative training and credentialing for infant - and toddler-care providers , expanding family child-care networks , and developing supports for `` family , friends and neighbor care '' - the type most often used by parents of very young children and by low-income families .
This means we should accept nations ' rights to uphold their regulations in finance , taxation , health , safety , and labor markets -- and to protect these regulations by raising barriers at the border , if necessary , when trade and capital flows demonstrably threaten domestic practices enjoying broad popular support .
Investing In Prevention , Not Just Paying for Care : Opponents of universal health care make the mistake of arguing that a greater emphasis on wellness , diet , and exercise can substitute for fundamental systemic reforms .
The plan has no trouble enlisting good doctors , since the conditions of medical practice elsewhere have been deteriorating under relentless pressure from insurers to cut costs and justify their medical decisions .
The private insurers understood that the surest way to increase profits was n't to increase efficiencies but to avoid patients with serious or chronic health problems .
`` The agency 's misreading ofthe law allows Mississippi ( to ) improperly siphon off over a half-billion dollars in disaster relief funds for use on a commercial port redevelopment project when those funds are still desperately needed to provide sufficient affordable housing for Mississippi 's low-to-moderate income families .
Abstract : ( ... ) both globalization and technological change have made education the dominant line of cleavage in contemporary society , with effects not just on economic opportunity but on many other aspects of life .
Roberts 's opinion upholds conservative positions in nearly every respect except its conclusion , and it is especially worrisome in light of the readiness of the four right-wing dissenting justices to use the same arguments to overturn the ACA in its entirety .
He has , he proudly tells us , secured capital punishment for eight murder defendants -- which I admit is eight more people than I have ever condemned to death .
As a result , they had to wait weeks , sometimes months , for welfare checks , food stamps , and Medicaid benefits as they were bounced between government offices -- a `` brutalizing process '' mentally ill parolees would be hard-pressed to negotiate alone , Blank says .
For instance , if we embarked on an Apolloscale program using public investment to create a new high-tech renewable energy industry that would produce exports as well as good domestic jobs , this strategy could well be challenged as illegal under the World Trade Organization .
We have no choice but to talk about the military industrial complex and its ties to huge private-sector monopolies and war barons who produce weaponry and employ privatized security personnel at salaries that far exceed what we pay government military personnel for the same services .
The IMF the central banks , and the G-20 can be counted on to continue using standard Keynesian policy , which ludicrously holds that the best way to cure the patient is to prescribe more of what made the patient sick .
Indeed , despite the lack of real security benefits , publication of a single story illustrating that a heinous killer was caught via video can justify almost any infringement upon the privacy of ordinary citizens .
Thanks to the federal loophole that made SUVs wildly profitable and the low government interest rates that turned General Motors into a financial institution , the company was free to ignore the waste and environmental damage of the low-efficiency vehicles it sold .
If population growth is the main danger , then the solution is to pour resources and activism into tackling it as the single most important task to avoid many millions more people descending into starvation and unleashing further environmental damage on the planet .
It implied that the expenditure of enough money would solve all educational problems , even though a generation of studies had already shown , beyond a reasonable doubt , that family background was the decisive variable in predicting students ' success or failure .
Realizing that financial payoffs to work were an important part of helping low-income families , federal and state governments , over a period of more than two decades , created and expanded programs specifically designed to help low-income working families . ''
Those who would save the Amazon from disastrous helter-skelter deforestation are also working out the details of schemes to certify soy , cattle , and other Amazonian products as having been sustainably produced ; already there is in place in Brazil a two-year moratorium on forest destruction to plant soy .
These changes , they argue , `` promise to dramatically reduce health care costs and improve the quality of care for Medicare enrollees and other Americans .
And with good reason : The biggest global warming impacts , like hurricane damage , real estate losses , and rising energy and water costs are expected to cost the economy almost $ 1.9 trillion annually by 2100 .
And , they argue , even if prosperity does n't trickle down , well , that 's the price of liberty .
An aggressive risk-equalization scheme , like the one in the Netherlands , could help thwart such efforts-but the reform bills do n't specify how aggressive those schemes will be .
As chairman of a new committee on energy independence and global warming set up by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , he had helped pass a groundbreaking energy bill that would cut greenhouse emissions and boost fuel standards for the first time since 1975 .
She would also support tax credits for home improvements that make houses more energy efficient ( such as the installation of rooftop solar panels ) and call for a cap-and-trade system that would set a cap on total carbon emissions .
Pombo 's response was to reintroduce his Threatened and Endangered Species Recovery Act , which proposed to eliminate mandatory habitat restrictions for any species , and to handsomely compensate landowners who claimed that their property values had suffered as a result of endangered-species protections -- a provision that likely would make the act unenforceable .
In this way , it would have tried to overcome the collective-action problem inherent in all such situations : the fact that no one will rationally invest in rebuilding a destroyed neighborhood until they can be reasonably sure that their neighbors will do the same . ''
But his funding for fatherhood and family programs concedes that his goal is n't just making poverty less devastating by providing steady child care , better health-care coverage , and more work-training options for lowincome men and women .
Unfortunately , the work-first policies that have dominated both federal thinking and most state and local welfare programs since 1996 have frustrated this whole approach .
At the same time , Congress has given the IRS funding since 1995 to target one class of potential tax cheats , the working poor , who the agency claimed were costing it more than $ 6.5 billion a year due to fraud and mistakes on Earned Income Tax Credit paperwork .
There is no thought of devoting pennies to protect the huge numbers dying from hunger and lack of health care or deprivation of other `` rights '' that are dismissed as `` myths '' and `` dangerous incitement '' by Washington .
Opponents of Right to Work laws point out that the `` free rider '' option weakens labor unions because fewer people are likely to join a labor union and pay membership dues if they can opt out and still enjoy the benefits of membership .
That result was stronger than responses on prescription drugs , health care , pensions , jobs , or the economy , and was beaten only by support for education , an issue that also captures our hope for the future .
The hope is that the public insurer , which will not need to turn a profit and will be free of some of the perversities of private insurance , will prove the most cost-effective and attractive option , leading individuals and businesses alike to gravitate toward it .
Most Europeans enjoy universal health insurance , child-care and parental-leave benefits that Americans can only dream about , as well as stronger unions , better pensions , and higher minimum wages .
The year 2005 saw the driest conditions in 40 years , with wildfires raging unabated , and 2006 is looking worse , raising alarms that environmental synergism is already in play as changes become self-sustaining and reinforce one another .
The primary laborunion argument against Right to Work laws is that such laws create the socalled `` free rider '' problem , whereby employees who do not join the labor union and pay membership dues will reap the same benefits as those who join the labor union and pay membership dues .
Howard Dean ( D-Vt . )
In Orientalism , Edward Said , a scholar of nineteenth - and twentiethcentury literature , pinpointed Greek hostility to their military enemies , the Persians , as the starting point for modern Western prejudices against the people of the Middle East .
Most people on the Left really do fear for the viability of the earth because of carbon emissions , really do believe that 35 million Americans go hungry , that 150,000 girls and women die from anorexia each year , that monkey bars and dodgeball and peanuts are too dangerous for children , that secondhand smoke is a major killer , and so on .
The corporation long ago decided it was best to flex its immense muscle as discreetly as possible , because almost all publicitywhether it 's news of gas prices , climate change , or congressional fights over industry subsidies - is bad .
Very briefly , it argues that in particular situations it is better to conduct certain economic activities within the confines of a corporate organization instead of markets , because such activities can be conducted more efficiently inside an organization than through a market-based transaction .
As the current , ever-deepening ecological catastrophe should tell us , humanity is running out of time when it comes to carrying the rich and failing to seriously confront its dominant institutions and ideologies .
Conservative Christians should be careful not to draw their primary line in defense of family at the expense of gay couples who want to make a lifelong commitment , instead of standing prophetically against the cultural , moral , and economic forces that are ripping families apart .
However , the air pollution associated with ethanol production and from automobile exhaust fumes as well as water pollution from ethanol plants means that there are significant environmental drawbacks .15 It , of course , also uses land that could be better used to supply food for a malnourished population .
We 've been sold on tax cuts as the best way to spur growth , but what we really got was weak job growth , a sinking economy , and a slew of tax deferrals that cause increasing revenue shortfalls and force the government to borrow even more -- with all of us paying the interest .
Conservatives define the see-sawing of the federal tax-and-transfer system between slightly redistributive and very slightly redistributive as a culture war over capitalism , or a final battle to save the free enterprise system from the hoard of free-riders .
With DNA testing available in only a fraction of murder cases , however , the proposal creates a penalty that would apply to so few murders that even death-penalty proponents question if it would be worth the time and expense necessary to create such a system .
The former group of scholars , using the kind of empirical research that is as easily dismissed by the Right as the research on global warming ( or evolution for that matter ) , makes it clear that poverty is to blame .
Our citizens ca n't see what is truly wrong or where to place the blame because of an educational system that teaches how to score highly on a standardized test without knowing what is causing people to lose their homes and their jobs .
By the same token , though , business models can propel companies forward even if the CEOs could n't care less about the planet : Dow and DuPont have cut their carbon emissions by upward of 50 percent this decade , simply because their managers started to pay attention to energy costs and figured out that efficiency went straight to the bottom line .
`` I started BOND because I realized that , not all , but most black Americans were suffering because they had anger because their fathers are n't around .
Deregulating finance , expanding private and consumer debt , and shipping manufacturing jobs to low-wage areas become the favored policies .31 Dollarocracy has been obsessed with changing the terms of the political discussion about the economy and how best to encourage economic growth , and to a large extent it has succeeded .
Abstract : In the late 1990s , in the intentionally misnamed Pain Relief Promotion Act , the conservative Republican chair of the House Judiciary Committee , Henry Hyde , took aim at Oregon 's physician-assisted suicide law and threatened practitioners with prosecution if they used pain medicine on terminally ill patients in the name of relief but in the service of euthanasia .
When failed businesses of any size are bailed out with taxpayer monies , when dominant corporations receive special treatment , government , not the private sector , is encouraging what is known in economics as `` moral hazard , '' the tendency to take greater risks and be less provident with capital resources than would otherwise be the case -- in other words , to get greedy .
Apollo 's analysts argue that three million new U.S. jobs could be created by building wind turbines , making buildings more energy efficient , and designing other kindred projects .
He 's recommending a company that promotes financial security but operates in a largely unregulated no-man 's land , generating a pile of consumer complaints about misleading advertising , aggressive telemarketing , and overpriced products .
The best thing the federal government can do when a bubble is burst is to stand aside , enact no burdensome new laws , cut taxes , cut government spending , and cut job-killing regulations .
The opportunities we give our children , how we as a society treat working families , the way we deal with illness , and our treatment of the elderly all reflect values-and all cut the Democrats ' way .
During the Depression era , conservative Southerners resisted some of Roosevelt 's key economic initiatives and fought unions partly because they worried they might empower African Americans to confront white supremacy more forcefully .
That meant zoning and permit battles , messy racial and ethnic politics , and also environmental sensibilities the company used to be able to ignore .
The alternative was to increase the rewards to work -- with a more generous Earned Income Tax Credit for low-wage workers with children , plus subsidies for child care and health expenses .
It 's not hard to imagine conservatives attacking cuts to Medicare or Social Security ( or , alternatively , tax increases ) when the goal is something as abstract as deficit reduction and Democrats ca n't deflect the abuse with a benefit like health care .
For the new fundamentalists , the old balance of morality has been abolished in favor of a new absolutism : not only is all abortion at any stage equally immoral , it is always as immoral as killing an adult human being .
While capitalism remains the best machine to fuel a civilization , a severe imbalance in wealth is dangerous , which is why all other industrialized countries more fairly tax the rich and provide more social programs for the poor and middle class .
They saw as the great social evil the regimentation of the poor by the avaricious employers who were controlled and often capriciously ruined by the manipulations of international financiers .
We can create a new popular language around energy independence , security , and economic growth , with far less of the corporate influence found in the national debate . ''
It also , as Egremont sees with uncommon clarity , became a prop and a moral justification for the retention of an up-per-class ruling order : `` Officers , according to the public-school ideal , should not only lead but show their soldiers how to die : a debt payable for inherited advantages , an absolution for privilege .
Crime collapsed ; divorce , abortion , and teen pregnancy rates declined ; the Internet was created ; huge strides were made against cancer and HIV ; a long , steady boom raised incomes and created gigantic new mountains of wealth for the few .
Wenzel also noted that the uprising looked like a `` major oil and money play , with the true disaffected rebels being used as puppets and cover '' while the transfer of control over money and oil supplies takes place . ''
Take Ripple Street ... and reproduce it faithfully and you would have a great formless mass of petty incident , the stale product of people who were concerned completely with the tremendous job of making a living so that tomorrow they would be able to make a living another day .
We have not been able to do this because Wall Street sends their lobbyists down here in droves and Wall Street provides zillions of dollars in campaign contributions and Wall Street fights like the dickens to make sure that any strong provisions that some of us might bring up are defeated .
Using charts # 3 and # 4 , one can conclude that the current United States economy would lose nearly two full percentage points of growth every year when compared with the 1982-83 recovery , about one percent based upon the added level of government debt and another percent based upon lowered savings rates .
I come here not to mourn Bill Clinton , nor to give him sole credit for accomplishments that would not have happened without a hostile Republican Congress , but rather to lament the mostly unremarked passing of the political movement that made his economic successes possible .
To calculate how much we should spend to avoid damage caused by climate change , we need to know how much the dollars saved in 2100 are worth in terms of dollars forgone today .
So unrelenting is the assault on our sensibilities that many of us grow numb , finding resignation to be the rational , adaptive response to an environment that is increasingly polluted and apparently beyond our control .
In short , a new and awesome hegemonic capitalism is being invented in front of our eyes , complete with its own ideology of liberty , supremacy of individual choice , and free markets-to which today 's Republican Party is the happy and uncontested midwife .
It 's bold political jujutsu to argue , in the midst of a recession , that not spending $ 1 trillion to overhaul the American healthcare system poses `` one of the greatest threats ... to the very foundation of our economy .
The stimulus served as a mere precursor to the major battle over Obama 's budget , which represents a once-in-a-generation chance for the Democratic Party to reshape the priorities of the federal government -- to reduce America 's unsustainable carbon emissions and reform its bloated , cruel health care system .
The failure to arrest rampant deforestation , desertification , and species extinction , evident over the centuries , is now worsening global climate change , as each of these destructive impacts on the local and regional environments interact with global warming .
The evidence is mounting that poor children exposed to creative uses of play to introduce new words , concepts , problem-solving approaches , and stories are better prepared for kindergarten and , later , reading and writing .
Companies succeeded in getting this 2004 tax break by arguing that it would enable them to use those profits to invest in the United States and create jobs for Americans .
In a review of an album dealing almost entirely with working-class issues at an absolutely critical historical juncture , the Pitchfork reviewer makes no note of the radical , bipartisan attack on working people ( and their organizations and communities ) underway across the country , intensifying in recent years .
The end of the Cold War resulted in a decade of lower military expenditures , the commercialization of the Internet fueled the expansion of the high-tech industry , and low interest rates and liberal lending policies created the `` bubble '' in the housing market that finally burst in 2007-08 , triggering the collapse of much of the nation 's finance industry .
After many years of reluctance to engage the issue , many surprising people and groups ( including many conservative evangelical leaders and organizations ) are joining the fight against AIDS .
A typical corporate response to this seeming failure of Bush 's so-called incentives came from SBC Communications , which used Bush 's tax breaks to cut its income taxes to less than zero in 2003 ( even as it slashed its capital outlays by 53 percent ) .
Cars and trucks produce exhaust , which deteriorates buildings and statues , causes cancers and asthmas , and , when rain catches it on the way down , pollutes waterways and crops , with those poisons ending up in the food chain .
For example , a financial speculation tax ( FST ) not only provides a great opportunity to raise a large amount of revenue ( as much as $ 1.8 trillion over the next decade ) through an overwhelmingly progressive tax ; it also provides an opportunity to directly attack one of the main sources of growing inequality .
A growing number of business leaders , once opposed to any new taxes , now express concerns that the lack of investment in physical infrastructure , the future work force , and the social safety net is causing long-term damage to California 's economic health and competitiveness .
They wo n't call it trickle-down economics , and we wo n't be talking about how people with four times the median income should face a tiny tax increase - we 'll be talking about how many low-income earners the wealthy can hire to take care of their estates .
Today , however , the Right advocates a curious combination of supply - and demand-side measures : deficit reduction , it is somehow argued , will restore confidence in the country and its economy , and thus be positive ; and tax reductions will improve the efficiency of the economy and put money in the hands of those who can spend it well .
But because our consumer culture favors fixes that are fast and easy , our approaches toward food advocacy have been built around one or two dimensions of production , such as reducing energy use or eliminating pesticides , while overlooking factors that are harder to define ( and ditto to market ) , such as worker safety .
Since the collapse of the subprime mortgage market in July 2007 , financial distress and panic have spread uncontrollably not only across countries but also across financial markets themselves , infecting one sector after another : adjustable rate mortgages , commercial paper ( unsecured short-term corporate debt ) , bond insurers , commercial mortgage lending , corporate bonds , auto loans , credit cards , and student loans .
These qualities appear to have a powerful effect on everything from the level of violence in a community to the conduct of adolescent youth to the likelihood that a neighborhood will remain poor , which is perhaps why a growing number of scholars and policy-makers are interested in teasing out what exactly fosters such traits .
Like his church , Romney is at once desperate for mainstream acceptance ( he yearns , after all , to be president ) yet equally desperate to make sure that we do n't know too much , that we 're kept outside .
Conservatives made the same complaint about the New Deal , insisting that Social Security and other government interventions would destroy American innovation and lead to socialism .
That link itself poses a threat for potential abuse because it could cause a situation between a concealed carry holder and a law officer to get deadly fast because of computer glitches -- as above -- or intentional profiling .
Unlike carbon monoxide-the key ingredient in nasty brown smog , the pollutant that helped kill Londoners breathing coal fumes-carbon dioxide , ironically , is essentially nontoxic .
There is a great deal of truth in that ; but the fact remains that plenty of other only children grew up in lower-middle-class homes in Norbury between the wars without ending , for good or ill , as the wealthy and world-famous fictional voice of their generation .
While granting the accuracy of some of these critiques-Patterson dwells intelligently not only on the widening gap between rich and poor but also on such intractable problems as the urban crisis and the sorry state of public schools-he more often accentuates the positive .
Whereas earlier advocates had worried about the stringent conditions that were needed for unregulated markets to work their magic , Friedman was the master of clever ( sometimes too clever ) arguments to the effect that those conditions were not really needed , or that they were actually met in real-world markets despite what looked a lot like evidence to the contrary .
Obama promises to `` make sure that every doctor 's office and hospital in this country is using cutting edge technology and electronic medical records so that we can cut red tape , prevent medical mistakes , and help save billions of dollars each year .
It is really just a prescription for sowing more racial resentment , creating greater racial antagonism , and throwing more obstacles in the path of African-American progress .
This would entail setting up local forums and discussions in non-threatening settings where progressives could use their personal connections to Tea Party sympathizers and members to delve into the contradictory feelings of populist rightists who simultaneously fear those below them and are outraged by the greed of America 's economic elite .
Meanwhile , growing income and wealth inequality motivated corporations and the rich to use their enhanced resources to shape politics so that government would protect their new financial gains from the envy , resentment , and demands of the 99 percent .
The biggest reason why Bush 's Medicare drug benefit is so expensive is that the legislation creating it explicitly prohibits the federal government from using its bargaining power as the world 's largest buyer of drugs to negotiate lower prices from pharmaceutical companies .
THE GREAT DANGER in the increasing prevalence of low-wage , dead-end employment , according to Peter McClelland and Peter Tobin , is that impoverished workers and their families will abandon that glass-half-full approach to life and ultimately give up any faith they may have had in the American dream .
Artists in America receive precious little corporate support from the major media in their battle for free expression because these same companies are petitioning the very same FCC commissioners to allow them to expand their respective empires .
Health freedom is as important as freedom of speech or the right to bear arms , so government must allow individuals and families to make informed decisions with their healthcare providers .
His National Center for Neighborhood Enterprise has initiated a project using market-based solutions and public-private partnerships to help Lowndes residents improve sanitary conditions , reduce their living expenses , create economic development programs that will result in jobs , and improve facilities for education and job training .
And , in trying to enlist the courts in their effort to repeal Obama 's health care plan , conservatives have resorted to legal obscurantism , introducing a distinction between `` activity '' and `` inactivity '' ( which does not appear in the Constitution ) to argue that the federal government does n't have the right to impose a penalty on the `` inactivity '' of failing to buy health insurance .
Not unreasonably , many psychometric experts have argued that these results prove that IQ is largely determined by genetic factors and can not be changed via environmental influences within any normal range .
That tax will create an inbuilt price advantage for all the untaxed energy sources , which could then battle for market share on their competitive merits .
But tax cuts also increase the budget deficit , which has an adverse effect on economic growth over the long term because it reduces national savings , one of the key determinants of long-term productivity .
Some children , therefore , enjoy their parents ' protection against the loss of income from disability , untimely death , or old age , and receive benefits that are based on the same formula used for the old-age benefit .
The hopeful explanation is ignorance made possible by the elite fealty to a failed conception of free trade and the extraordinary secrecy that has forestalled the external alarms that might otherwise sound .
That 's why Newt Gingrich was so determined to kill any version of universal health insurance , lest it bond a new generation to the idea of benevolent government with Democrats as the reliable custodian .
In doing so , he succeeded in making some admirable policy advances ( the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , a rise in the minimum wage , the expansion of the Earned Income Tax Credit ) and staving off their most dangerous initiatives .
They can not simply cut their existing use of fertilizer or pesticides and hope to maintain outputs , thereby making operations more profitable .
Nevertheless , the Bush agenda of steep tax cuts , large spending increases targeted mainly at friendly corporate interests and aggressive militarism has provoked a steady stream of defections from a shifting combination of moderates , deficit hawks and traditional foreign-policy realists .
But if after two failed wars and a wrecked economy this warmed-over Project for a New American Century bombast is the best the GOP nominee can offer , the incumbent can be confident that the 2012 election will not turn yet again upon doubts about whether a Democrat can adequately defend the country .
Despite the devastation and loss of life caused by the earthquake and tsunami , the people I meet in Fukushima prefecture , rather than talk of those events , discuss radiation levels and how their land has become polluted and made the people fearful as the government tries to convince them it is safe .
Echoing the recently released report from the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that global warming will disproportionately affect poor nations , the CNA report argues , `` Projected climate change will seriously exacerbate already marginal living standards in many Asian , African , and Middle Eastern nations , causing widespread political instability and the likelihood of failed states .
By increasing the supply of alternative fuels and making motor vehicles more energy efficient , the president promised that his Twenty In Ten plan would address energy security and reduce greenhouse gas emissions from motor vehicles and off-road engines and equipment .
Nixon-era price controls exacerbated the problem and fuel shortages across the country led to economic turmoil and job loss .
So their first order of business will be a series of investigations and hearings showcasing how Republicans have undermined the stability of Medicare , rammed through a capricious and inadequate drug benefit , ignored soaring insurance costs and the number of uninsured , and further damaged the already precarious employer-based insurance system .
`` Tobacco has lost most of these battles , but there is still opportunity to spread doubt about global warming , '' says David Michaels , the chair of the Project on Scientific Knowledge and Public Policy at George Washington University .
Currency swaps exchange bonds issued in one currency for another currency , enabling both parties to seek lower interest rates ; interest-rate swaps pair variable-rate borrowers with borrowers on a fixed rate , as both parties try to manage their risk exposure .
An outspoken climate change skeptic , Rohrabacher once joked that `` dinosaur flatulence '' may have caused a prehistoric episode of global warming .
To protect Americans from gun violence , she supports background checks at gun shows , reinstating and extending the assault weapons ban , and giving law enforcement access to data that helps track down guns sold to criminals .
In these challenging times , it is essential that our leaders focus on creating jobs , getting our economy back on track , fixing our broken health care system , stopping multiple wars , and addressing ongoing environmental degradation .
The legislation creates a zero-tolerance standard for sexual assaults in prison by , among other things , creating the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission to develop standards for reform to guide corrections officials in preventing prison rapes and hold them accountable for achieving results .
If the product is curb-feelers , then you can bet the curb-feeler industry will be hiring , form an association of curb-feeler manufacturers , and hire lobbyists to convince Congress that curb-feelers are necessary for our children 's safety , will stimulate our economy , and , moreover , without them our national security will be threatened .
The fact that corporations are so vile that attacking them is warranted if it will do good , does n't mean they are so vile that attacking them is warranted if it will do harm .
The Bush administration 's manifest failures and the Democrats ' triumph in the 2006 elections have created a new opening for liberal argument .
In short , the wealthy and corporations would prefer a depressed and stagnant economy to a growing one led by state policies , if those in any way jeopardized their control over the government and their dominant position in society .
We should take confidence in this biological singularity and never betray it by worrying over whether the stockholders will like what we say , or fearing that our analysis will not please faculty lounges at Harvard or Chicago or Stanford , or fretting that our opinion will fail to find favor with the establishment , whatever it may be .
Theodore Dreiser , Trilling saw , had been admired by left populists because of , not in spite of , his simplifications and awkwardness , Sherwood Anderson for his sentimentality , and Alfred Kinsey for his reductive sense of sexuality .
It 's considered a feminist triumph , in part because it 's the product of feminist breakthroughs : birth control , which gives women the power to pace their own fertility , and access to good jobs , which gives them reason to delay it .
The companies improved productivity , cut corners on quality , and pressured their own employees and suppliers ( who in turn tightened the screws on down the line ) .
The radical feminist movement not only explains that any dissatisfaction she may experience is the fault of others , namely men , but also comforts her with a sense of solidarity and common purpose in the way that some men find the battalion a welcome relief from the freedom of civilian life .
They assume that it mostly comes down to energy efficiency ( and other technical fixes ) without understanding that in a capitalist system , growth of efficiency normally leads to an increase in scale of the economy ( and further rifts in ecological systems ) that more than negates any ecological gains made ( a problem known as the Jevons Paradox ) .
In 2012 , this hundred-year history of campaign-finance controls died , thanks to five U.S. Supreme Court justices who decided , in the 2010 Citizens United case , that corporations can use their money to express free speech , most notably in their efforts to influence federal elections .
Rather than create products that better serve consumers , these companies spend valuable resources trying to sway policy in ways that hurt their consumers and their competitors while boosting their own position in the marketplace .
It will give you an idea , therefore , of the strange deficiency in these creatures , when I tell you that none made the slightest attempt to rescue the weakly crying little thing which was drowning before their eyes .
FOX 'S Brit Hume recounted that his `` first thought '' in response to the attacks was that it was a good opportunity to make money picking up bargains in the futures market .
Now that the entire charade of passing off millions of highly risky , doomed-to-default mortgages via securitization to unwary investors has ended , risk avoidance has led not just to a return to higher qualifying standards but to a raising of the original bar .
While there are plenty of conservatives who have been singed ( or even burned at the stake ) by the Freak Show , on the whole , these changes have been beneficial for conservatives and bad for liberals , since the New Media overwhelmingly favors conservatives .
By creating a free-enterprise system that embodies this notion , America has not only cultivated its own great thinkers and innovators , but has attracted the best and brightest immigrants to lend their talents to the American project .
Texas City continues to be a threat to worker and public safety , just as the toxic waste left at Bhopal by UC continues to poison the waters of communities close by .
Writing in the Washington Post in October 2008 , Feldstein argued that falling home prices are `` causing consumers to cut spending , leading to lower employment , lower incomes , and further cuts in consumer spending .
Similarly , we will never create a system with full equality of opportunity ; but we can at least create more equality of opportunity .
Immediately after its passage , Morgan interests began holding classes to instruct bankers about strategies to help them secure the privileges granted to them through the Interstate Commerce Commission , which , as was said , quickly became controlled by the railroad interests .
Relying on complex , untested , and dangerous means to address global warming will not make the crisis any easier to address because geoengineering will still intersect with the same social forces .
It shows an older woman splitting a pill in half as the narrator says : ` If George Bush and his backers in Congress privatize Social Security and cut benefits in half , what will you have to cut in half .
They will say that the voting public 's overwhelming energy concern is high prices for gasoline and home heating , and that as long as the president appears attentive to those concerns they can cover their political bases without asking for sacrifices or risking the possible failure of a more controversial energy policy .
As we saw under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 and its success in reducing acid rain , policies that reward early compliance and provide flexibility in how business meets tough environmental standards can produce real results .
This makes it harder to institute effective forms of worker participation in newly created public enterprises ; ensure that educational , health , and media systems are responsive to the communities they serve ; and establish planning mechanisms capable of directing social production in response to social needs .
The Pennsylvania Energy Harvest program allocates about $ 5 million a year in grants to companies to encourage investment in renewable energy sources , energy-saving production processes , and alternative energy production .
The Ford Foundation is not alone in funding this revolution ; the Rockefeller Foundation , the Carnegie Endowment , the Rosenberg Foundation , George Soros , Bill Gates , and other philanthropic sources have joined in this effort .
The new energy imperialism of the United States is already leading to expanding wars , which could become truly global , as Washington attempts to safeguard the existing capitalist economy and to stave off its own hegemonic decline .
In a speech to Labor Party members on September 22 , Darling drew the tedious and inevitable parallels between the financial crisis and other global problems : `` Just as one government alone can not combat global terrorism , just as one government alone can not combat climate change , so one government alone can not deal with the consequences of globalisation .
The bill-which requires harsher punishments for perpetrators , augments the number of police and judicial officers assigned to domestic-violence cases , and substantially increases financial and social aid for victims-provoked criticism from conservative parties , which maintained that the legislation unconstitutionally favored female victims of domestic violence .
We should not think of finance as the pride and joy of our economy but as something like a regulated utility ( an industry on which the economy depends but that should be watched over carefully ) and something like big tobacco ( an industry that makes toxic products with huge negative externalities ) .
Instead of talking about these chilling statistics , you hear truly heartbreaking stories of the difficult circumstances that some women confront : about the high school valedictorian who made a mistake that could ruin her life ; or about a pregnant rape victim ; or about the pregnancy that was a threat to a woman 's health .
The only sign of direct appeals to liberty that I saw during my visit was the ironic use of a favored Tea Party slogan to protect and care for vulnerable flowers as seen in photo 9 .
To help defray the cost of expanding coverage -- and to help make medical care more affordable generally -- reformers have proposed creating electronic medical records , studying which treatments work best , and taking other steps that would make the business of health care more efficient while cutting down on unnecessary medical treatments .
So-called innovations in credit charges - including teaser rates , negative amortization , increased use of fees , universal default clauses , and penalty interest rates - have turned ordinary credit transactions into devilishly complex undertakings .
Here 's a radical , inclusive idea to give nearly every U. S. worker paid family and medical leave : allow workers to trade future Social Security benefits to pay for leaves covered by FMLA-to care for a new child , to care for a sick family member , or to recover from a serious illnessregardless of how small an employer is .
If labor wants to win more rights for workers , he argues , it must first break the stranglehold that big money and conservatives have on our politics by winning campaign-finance reform , abolishingthe Senate 's supermajority requirements , outlawing voter suppression , and legalizing undocumented immigrants .
In a book he published last year laying out a model for reform , Emanuel dwelled at length on the irrationality of the employer-based system -- which creates huge administrative costs and saddles small companies with enormous expenses -- and the practice of compensating physicians and hospitals for services rendered rather than the outcomes achieved , leading to a proliferation of unnecessary ( and pricey ) procedures .
A first step in turning this sorry situation around is for the government to take charge of mapping public-domain energy resources ( instead of buying its maps from the very companies that exploit these resources ) ; deciding how they should be used , if at an ; and then leasing them on a closely regulated basis , with terms profitable to the public .
Romney , moreover , still clings to his support for embryonic stem-cell research , even though it involves the killing of unborn babies and has been shown to offer far less promise for medical research than does research using adult stem cells that are easily available , without taking life .
There 's a danger , however , for the media-reform movement in aligning with such groups-a danger also faced by similar lobbies focused on procedural issues like those seeking expanded ballot access for minor parties , easier voter registration , and campaign-finance reform .
Better access to contraception , as well as improvements in sex education , are important parts of helping to avoid these pregnancies .
Besides rolling back the Bush tax cuts for the rich , progressives should launch a comprehensive effort to simplify a tax code larded with confusing , overlapping , inequitable , and sometimes ineffective deductions , credits , and other breaks .
ARLIE HOCHSCHILD 'S parable of the chauffeur and the millionaire makes some good points on the matter of how it is that ordinary folks have been manipulated by Bushist politics to agree to ignore the needs of the poor .
Between credit-card usage and using store-sponsored discount cards when purchasing groceries , people 's purchases at grocery stores can easily be monitored and citizens could easily be found in violation of a bureaucratic edict from Washington , D.C. Everyone old enough to remember the good old days of family physicians making house calls , spending a great deal of time with and getting to know the patient , and charging low fees to boot , is deeply and properly resentful of the current assembly-line care .
Abstract : Even though homeownership rates for African Americans are lower , and even though a `` segregation tax '' is in play because homes appreciate far more slowly in minority or even integrated neighborhoods , housing wealth is still a more prominent engine of wealth for African American families .
Keller laments that Massachusetts has become `` a place where the poor lack hope and live in Appalachia-like squalor , where even middle class workers with salaries well above the national median struggle to afford inferior housing , hold jobs that barely subsidize survival , and wait in vain for meaningful help from the government .
Making polygamy look like fun would hardly calm the slightly more legitimate concern about using a despicable social practice for the purpose of entertainment .
Michael Tomasky is surely right to argue that tactics and policies alone can not create a sustainable progressive majority .
And all of these problems have the potential to feed on another , breeding not only stagnation but downward mobility ; not only inequality but permanent stratification ; not only persistent poverty but rising crime ; not only anti-immigrant anxieties but outright xenophobia ; not only skepticism about the free market but populist fury .
ensures that advocates of freedom are n't confused with people who use market rhetoric to prop up an unjust status quo , and expresses solidarity between defenders of freed markets and workers -- as well as ordinary people around the world who use ` capitalism ' as a short-hand label for the world-system that constrains their freedom and stunts their lives .
But the cost , a hundred-billiondollar-plus gift to the rich , is tough to accept at a time when the deficit cries out for shearing and when the money would be far better spent on further stimulus .
Those batteries , filled with toxic acid that eats steel , can also cause serious future environmental problems relating to their energy-dense disposal processes when they are replaced after eight to ten years ( according to a 2011 New York Times report , disposing of these batteries is a problem with , at best , only a partial and inadequate solution to date ) .
The strategic projects for progressives are clear and vital : Create a robust economic model based on equity and growth ; connect this middle-class economic vision to the lives of real American communities and voters of all stripes ; expand the franchise by making it easier to vote ; and solidify this economic vision and diverse coalition into a powerful political force .
An income tax was proposed around 1815 but with anti-tax rebel blood still coursing through their veins , Americans promptly shitcanned that offensive idea .
The SPLC list of 36 enemies `` at the heart of the resurgent movement '' opposing big government includes a mix of perfectly reasonable people , along with some who have fallen for quirky but harmless conspiracy theories , as well as what the SPLC calls their `` enablers '' : Fox News contributor Judge Andrew Napolitano and Congressmen Ron Paul , Michele Bachmann , and Paul Broun .
Queer activists have an opportunity to renew a focus on a safer and saner world for all , on contributing solutions to the big problems - economic injustice , environmental degradation , structural racism , gender rigidity and its consequences , and undemocratic power .
Obama seems to understand that creating workarounds for every problem does n't necessarily make government work better - it just makes it more complicated .
But this problem will not be solved by cutting the program in order to create new unfunded liabilities for young people .
The most baffling element in this story is that such a foolish and appalling man as Ford could have founded a hugely successful industry and inspired so much loyalty among his workers .
`` But it is fundamentally based on a recognition that we can not defend the jobs or improve the wages , working conditions , and opportunities of workers in the U.S. as long as next door , a population of over 43 million workers makes $ 5 a day and that does n't change for 30 years .
Here 's a hint : The bonus outrage has distracted attention from the more important way that taxpayers underwrote the wealth of profligate bankers , which was to preserve the extensive equity holdings that senior personnel at these institutions had accumulated prior to the debacle of 2008 .
Abstract : For a half-century , polluting companies had successfully staved off government regulation , lawsuits , and critical scientific analyses ; the Manufacturing Chemists Association even claimed at the time that air pollution was `` not a serious or critical menace to public health .
Abstract : The Renewable Energy Policy Project estimates that producing 10 percent of the nation 's electricity with renewable sources would create 381,000 jobs producing the component parts of the systems .
Although the term was not in use at the time of its creation , the word `` fascist '' perfectly describes the Federal Reserve System : the Fed is a cartel of private banking interests allied with the central government in a corrupt and mutually enriching entente against the public interest , backed by brute force .
To be sure , advocates of reform always hoped that regulation would inspire creativity and innovation , but they did n't rest their hopes on the private sector .
In such a setting the molding of human wants and the designing of products to satisfy them cease to be a result of the objectified forces of the market and become the outcome of a conscious manipulative effort on the part of a relatively small number of monopolistic corporations .
While we can not agree with the likes of Dr. Joel Waldvogel , economist at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , whose aptly titled book Scroogenomics casts serious doubt on the entire Christmas gift-giving phenomenon , we are surely better off without the excess of holiday spending fueled by an artificial credit boom . ''
The turmoil in the private economy , whether generated by creative destruction or financial manipulation , is a reason we need progressive government .
The willingness of Democratic leaders such as Chuck Schumer , Harry Reid , and Nancy Pelosi to stare down the president has done far more to reassure the American people that Democrats know how to deal with aggression than all the efforts over the last five years to show that they , too , `` support our troops .
In Citizens United , the Supreme Court has approved unlimited contributions by super PACs that can steal elections through widely broadcast lies .
The common responsehighlighting that the advantages of nicer neighborhoods ( less crime , more amenities , better transit options ) benefit neighbors new and old alike - is certainly true , but it misses a fundamental concern that many residents are implicitly excluded from these developments or wo n't be around long enough to take advantage of them .
The result has been a classic perennial Washington issue that mostly serves to appease interest groups and enrich lobbyists , much like asbestos reform or tax loophole fights -- except , in this case , there are up to 1.5 million murdered innocents involved .
`` When my opponents attack success and free enterprise , they 're not only attacking me , they 're attacking every person who dreams of a better future , '' he told a crowd of supporters .
Suppose we forget about trying to control growth and instead focus on abating the effects of growth by reducing pollution and arranging for a more rational use of raw materials and energy .
One example is the Hazard Mitigation Grant program , which allows FEMA to help local authorities identify threatened areas , promote flood-control programs that include retrofitting levees , modify infrastructure to be more disaster-resilient , and , in the wake of a catastrophe , purchase properties affected by natural disasters to prevent future loss .
They did not do these awful things because they were bad conservatives ; they did them because they were good conservatives , because these unsavory deeds followed naturally from the core doctrines of the conservative tradition .
I urged him to use his influence to protest government-created residential segregation that concentrates the most disadvantaged children in schools without middleclass peers and where the accumulation of impediments to learning is overwhelming .
Conservative , libertarian , or free-market think tanks that defend the torture of terrorists are as wrongheaded as the Patriots tarring and feathering Loyalists .
This is true , he says , because much of the decline in oyster populations is directly attributable to habitat destruction , caused by such things as dredging , and oyster farmers have been rejuvenating the habitat to increase profits .
The threat to move production abroad to areas where wages are cheaper and working conditions are worse is directed at workers almost everywhere , even in the low-wage periphery of the world capitalist system , anytime workers try to organize .
But certainly nobody will complain that a great and rich country like ours should give the insignificant sum of $ 20,000 to relieve its suffering women and children , particularly with a full and overflowing treasury , and I am sure , if you had been there , you would have done just the same as I did .
This provides a powerful argument that land reform in order to create a small farm economy is not only good for local economic development , but is also more effective social policy than allowing business-as-usual to keep driving the poor out of rural areas and into burgeoning cities .
But the Kofi Annan announcement Williamsen quoted contained a `` killer sentence '' that most TNA readers would have trounced upon , which Williamsen overlooked : `` Our energy , our emphasis , and our anger is directed against illegal weapons , not legal ones .
Thus , the critical ingredient for the success of a regulatory regime , which is the potential for an alliance between the public groups that define the need for regulation and those parts of business that make it a success , is suddenly lacking . ''
All over this country , right now , some program or some institution is succeeding in combating such serious problems as high rates of single parenthood , child abuse , youth violence , school failure , and intergenerational poverty .
Civic duty demands we question and challenge our government , charity demands we treat foreigners with care and respect , and tolerance demands we be respectful to other nations .
Being a greedy bastard is the easiest money , the most direct route to a bigger house , vacations , good schools for the kids , and lots of support to take care of your parents as they get older .
At the same time , some of the resulting wealth-creation would be used to improve safety-net policies that help those at the bottom and ameliorate the hardships inflicted by economic change .
As a result , the middle class never really understood how seriously these tax cuts went against its preferences , vigorous middle-class opposition never emerged , and the cuts could scrape through Congress with party-line support .
What motivates some of these people is greed and greed and more greed .
Still , tax cuts remained politically popular , and the small-government crowd devised the so-called `` starve-the-beast '' strategy-continue to fight for lower taxes while forcing spending cuts in order to balance the budget .
Another four years of this and the entire 75-year-old social contract that created the American middle class-everything from Social Security to public education-will be ripped to pieces while allowing the corporate looting of the U.S. Treasury to continue through tax cuts , privatization , and overstuffed insider contracts .
First , it is needed as a means of creating massive numbers of new customers who would buy the goods made in the capitalist countries .7 As outlined earlier , space technology has extended and deepened this process , allowing an increasing number of people to become integral to the further expansion of global capitalism .
I can raise or lower your taxes , send your children off to foreign wars , give your tax dollars in subsidies and bailouts to rich corporations , allow lots of wasteful spending by the executive branch to benefit corporate contractors , limit law enforcement budgets against violations by corporations , and give away your public airwaves and your public lands .
The strength of the popular demand for self-determination and social justice combined with the monopolistic structure of the Cuban plantation economy and the direct and inevitable confrontation with U.S. imperialism made a socialist solution the only viable way forward from early 1960 onwards if the revolution were not to collapse through division and incoherence .
The task force calculated that the revenues could keep the Social Security tax a little below its current lowered rate and still leave 10 percent of the money to pay for other programs to fight climate change .
The tale of bad incentives and free-market profit-maximizing gone wrong is , by now , familiar : Dubious loan products created an artificial demand for buying and building homes .
The Arizona senator said , `` I can not in good conscience support a tax cut in which so many of the benefits go to the most fortunate among us at the expense of middle-class Americans who need tax relief .
But we are trying to create an alliance of unions with a commitment to taking aggressive positions toward multinational companies and using all the resources and weapons at our disposal to fight back .
Sex-offender policies , meanwhile , are growing ever more punitive , including tightened residency restrictions , lifetime placement on sex-offender registries for even minor offenses , and even the expanded use of the death penalty for certain nonhomicide sex offenses .
As I have argued in various ways in the course of this book , however , the liberal ideal is the abstract individual who is perfectly autonomous , free to create himself .
By staffing it with people who believe the importance of family economic security - not just banking profits - we can allow the agency to develop the expertise to fix the broken consumercredit market and give families a fighting chance against the resources of Wall Street banks .
And just like Oakeshott , he was determined to protect the university as a seat of truly unfettered liberal learning , as the guardian of the intellectual freedom which is the lifeblood of the Western experiment in free humanity .
Instead of blaming Mexican workers who are desperate to feed their families , U.S. workers should point the blame at corporations that show loyalty only to their own profit margins , as they force workers on both sides of the border to compete in a race to the bottom .
Liljenquist is a mixed bag for traditional constitutionalists , as his platform is a mixture of establishment GOP claptrap about `` cut , cap and balance '' along with some genuine constitutionalism such as favoring the abolition of the U.S. Department of Education and supporting repeal of the detention provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act .
The third and most important budget problem is the fiscal straitjacket created by Proposition 13 , the original tax-revolt ballot proposition that voters approved in 1978 , which capped property taxes and made it extremely difficult to raise revenues .
With threats of a mere $ 200 fine per violation , these colorful holes in the wall will likely continue to ignore the wishes of the National Hispanic Medical Association and Harvard University if it suits them .
In the years that followed , conservatives endlessly recounted the story of the virtuous Reagan who refused to compromise his principles and therefore won reelection , followed by the wicked Bush who raised taxes and , as a result , lost reelection .
Immediately after the botched attacks , the level was raised to `` critical , '' meaning that we should expect a deadly attack at any moment ; within four days it had dropped to `` severe , '' meaning that an attack was highly likely .
That damnable fire is the world always threatening to encroach on the Port William of his novels : the `` total economy '' ; the interstate highways indifferent to place ; the constant wars inseparable from the modern Faustian bargain to conquer nature ( including human nature ) , to deny limits , and to make as much money as possible doing it .
But then , he must deal with competing ideological factions within his base -- the loyal libertarians who brought his dad to national prominence and the Tea Partiers who do n't naturally abide libertarian positions on war and civil liberties .
It was good for employers , who started paying for their workers ' health benefits as a way to cement their loyalty and win labor peace ; it was good for employees , who had access to affordable coverage ; and it was good for doctors and hospitals , who got a steadier , more reliable stream of payments for services .
In the Illinois State Senate , Barack Obama led the successful effort to create the $ 100 million Illinois Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) .
Second , growing dissatisfaction with the culture of the dominant market economy led groups of more economically privileged people to seek new ways of generating livelihoods and providing services .
The House Democratic leadership believes it needs to win over public opinion with a massive public-education campaign that makes privatization politically unpalatable for many Republicans to support , either because it is fiscally outrageous or because it contains needless benefit cuts ( or both ) .
But leading students of central banking today , such as Charles Goodhart , argue strongly that , with the collapse of effective regulation over the past two decades , thin equity layers at many leading banks ( in combination with limited liability of shareholders ) are completely inappropriate for maintaining a stable financial system .
Most of the right-wing commentary purporting to prove that the rich bear the overwhelming burden of government relies upon the simple trick of citing only the income tax , which is progressive , while ignoring more regressive levies .
Nor is it enough to be outraged at the regulators who -- faced with vicious legal battles and a lobby of desperate parents -- have allowed him to continue operating .
The free market is , therefore , said to be incapable of serving the public interest , for it produces unjust results , thereby requiring further government intervention .
The new healthcare law addresses this problem in several ways , most notably by making insurance more affordable to the self-employed by allowing such workers to shop for cheaper policies and by giving individuals with lower incomes a tax credit to cover the cost of insurance .
Similarly state and local governments may hold someone responsible for negligently causing bodily harm -- such as that caused by a hot in a theater -- and use one 's words in court as evidence of an intent to cause harm .
Eschewing both the `` do n't worry , be happy '' self-help approach and the angry , graph-obsessed nitpicking of climate-change skeptics ( who can be just as annoying as climate-change alarmists ) , Ridley 's `` rational optimism '' is based on an historical analysis of what is unique about human beings and why we have been able to improve our living standards so vastly .
While arguments can be made for either form , if the goal is to elevate consumer protection in the regulatory scheme , creating an agency that does n't have direct authority to regulate financial products seems poised to produce lukewarm results .
As a starting point , the Earned Income Tax Credit could be made a better source of income insurance , keeping families afloat when economic disasters strike , rather than a retroactive tax refund for the working poor . ''
It is absurd to believe that a majority ( or even a sizable minority ) of the individuals likely to be delegates to a con-con today would compare favorably with our nation 's Founders or share their commitment to liberty and limited government .
We may be the scapegoat du jour , but the real aim is to blame low-income communities for a financial crisis that was caused by inadequate regulation and greed .
`` The union attacks seem to be falling on deaf ears , '' says Palatucci , `` the people are giving him the benefit of the doubt because they know these are structural problems he is trying to fix .
In response to our package of articles about workingclass women , reader ANNE MANYAK writes , `` I 've been frustrated and straight-up pissed off for years that the voices and lives of middle-and lower-class working women are nowhere in the media .
Many big films ( not just the ones based on Marvel Comics ) are now soaked in what can only be called corporate irony , a mad discrepancy between size and significance -- for instance , Christopher Nolan 's widely admired Inception , which generates an extraordinarily complicated structure devoted to little but its own workings .
To explain how and why the political forces led to that outcome , I will begin by noting how corporations and the rich used their rising profits and their falling tax burdens to shape politics .
In a Harris poll in early October , 65 percent agreed , and only 22 percent disagreed , with the `` criticism '' that `` the proposed reform would result in a government-run health care system .
It 's a remarkably adaptive program that helps in virtually every element of care delivery , greatly aiding efforts to analyze symptoms and patient reactions in order to improve diagnoses and treatments , reduce mistaken interventions , and eliminate all sorts of care redundancies .
What we got from Obama was a 2009 Stimulus Light proposal , with all the problems of the prior 2009 stimulus package in the form of inadequate magnitude of spending , wrong composition and targets , and bad timing .
According to OpenSecrets.org , AFSCME 's `` biggest priorities are raising the minimum wage , battling efforts to privatize public sector jobs and fighting efforts to substitute vacation time for overtime pay for millions of workers ... AFSCME actively opposed ... partial privatization of Social Security ( and ) during the 2008 presidential election , it strongly supported Barack Obama .
The poor face the same dilemmas as oppressed Blacks and women whose fates were tolerated , legitimized , and rationalized because wealthy , dominant forces needed a permanent underclass to maintain their lavish lifestyles .
As these protests turn violent , they could provoke a violent response ; Chinese factory owners are increasingly hiring thugs to hit back at demonstrators .
This fragmentation helps explain why millions of poor Americans never receive the benefits that Congress created for them , benefits that were supposed to express society 's support for the ideal of work .
After years of working on issues of racial profiling , police brutality , and drug-law enforcement in poor communities of color as well as working with former inmates struggling to `` re-enter '' a society that never seemed to have much use for them , I began to suspect that I was wrong about the criminal-justice system .
As the other articles in this special report have described , growing numbers of workers are not being paid the minimum wage or overtime , health and safety violations are on the rise in industries like residential construction , and employers are misclassifying their employees as independent contractors or outsourcing work to unscrupulous contractors .
Because modern warfare is entirely profit-oriented , mercenaries employed by specialized private military and intelligence companies play a big role in its conduct .
While critics like Krassner portray it as a cheap trick corporate hacks use to pass off shoddy merchandise , its origins suggest more benevolent intentions .
In `` Tempus Fugit , '' he points out that `` humans are the only creatures\/who created God who created\/humans , '' suggesting that by creating God , Man in fact created himself .
A main rationale behind universal , government-run healthcare is that there would be more-abundant , better-quality care available for everyone if greedy insurance companies could be cut out as the middle-men in the medical equation .
The mega-rich ca n't spend all of their income ; depressed aggregate demand causes high unemployment ; human potential is wasted ; corporations rig competitive markets to reap monopoly profits ; the immensely wealthy engage in speculation rather than productive investment .
Crack down on unsafe products , sweatshops , consumer fraud , bribery , the looting of corporations by executives , illegal firings , sexual harassment , oil spills , predatory lending , insurance companies that fail to honor their policies , underfunded pension plans , corruption in the awarding of government contracts .
They want the trash picked up on time , smooth roads and safe streets , good schools , a fire truck to show up promptly when needed , and secure borders to keep bad people from getting in and disturbing our peace .
Because the diseases that vaccinations prevent pass from person to person ( except for tetanus ) , failure to vaccinate - that is , free riding on the positive vaccination decisions of others - is dangerous to everyone .
Social movements are pushing the Banco del Sur to take a more grassroots approach , to reject mega infrastructure ( as pushed by Brazil ) that supports monocultures including agrofuels , and instead finance local infrastructure to support food and energy sovereignty , produce generic medicines , and extend membership to other countries of the South .
In It , he argues that some of America 's richest people -- with the active encouragement of many of the political leaders -- have successfully schemed to avoid much or most of the taxes they are supposed to pay .
His allies went even further , using the threatened `` nuclear option '' of eliminating the filibuster for judicial nominations to force an agreement that made it difficult to block two extremely conservative Supreme Court nominations .
Candidate Obama pledged to cut taxes for the middle class , lower overall taxes , cut government spending , reduce the deficit , cut the cost of healthcare waste , eliminate most government secrecy , and reform ethics at the White House .
If the intellectual commissars of the opposition party were Ross Douthat and Reihan Salam , who in Grand New Party propose supplementing a mild social conservatism with actual economic supports for fragile families , our political system would be nicely balanced .
Unions have always faced a comparable threat from technology ( automation ) , but the implementation of that threat requires effort , imagination , and expense , and the creation of new technologies generates jobs , often within the firm , which can in their turn be unionized .
I found that diverting kids from criminal careers could save billions of dollars a year in prison costs while helping to create law-abiding , productive citizens , thus enhancing public safety .
Military confrontation , on the other hand , has only a certainty of creating a loss for all .
The logic is hard to dispute : the greenhouse effect is a real effect , the burning of fossil fuels leads to increasing concentrations of CO2 , producing an enhanced greenhouse effect .
It is no accident that strongly conservative views , views that militate against taxes on the rich , have spread even as the rich get richer : in addition to directly buying influence , money can be used to shape public perceptions .
But presidents also use signing statements to declare their intention to ignore certain parts of the legislation , or to interpret them a certain way , often because they believe those parts are unconstitutional or pose other problems .
Part of the reason the gap between rich and poor has become so extreme in the U.S. is precisely because of the success of the rich in buying the political influence needed to reduce their tax burdens so dramatically .
Last year , the Rocky Mountain Institute and the Natural Resources Defense Council released studies that demonstrated how biofuels , coupled with strong efficiency and smart-growth policies , could dramatically reduce , if not eliminate , the United States ' need for oil .
The Inter Press Service reported that these conditionalities include `` opening ... markets to corporate agri-business and cheap food imports , which threaten farmers ' livelihoods , as well as mining and other environmentally destructive projects ... Mass sale of China 's dollar holdings would be immediately devastating to the already shaken U.S. economy , but it would also immediately destroy the very advantageous trade position China currently enjoys with the United States .
Denmark has relaxed employment protections ( about halfway between the United States and France , according to the OECD index ) , but the Danes offset that with much more generous short-run unemployment benefits and an extremely rich mix of job training , job search , subsidy , and placement services ( `` active labor market '' policies ) .
Inside are the chosen ; outside are feminist barbarians , abortionists , gays , gun control advocates , environmentalists , agnostics , college professors , tattooed free thinkers , sexual hedonists , UN sympathizers , and , of course , Democrats-the party that dances with the devil because it still cares about poor people .
One option for state treasurers would be to argue that big , undisclosed contributions from hedge fund and private equity partners are undermining U.S. democracy -- and a weakened democracy is bad for the economy and all investment returns .
Most greedy bastards , given an environment based on VICI values , might make very different choices .
Regardless of whether you blame the corporations for gaming the system or the EPA for letting them , the Energy Star label is only the crudest guide to efficiency .
Economists have focused on how best to provide incentives so that individuals and firms take into account their externalities : steel producers should be forced to pay for their pollution , and those who cause accidents should pay for the consequences .
Dr. Ames , like many other experts in the field , has repeatedly pointed out that the EPA 's insistence on spending hundreds of billions of dollars on ridiculously small risks perversely misdirects vital economic resources that should be spent on far more serious threats to health and safety .
On this 70th anniversary , we renew our commitment to save and strengthen Social Security for our children and grandchildren , and keep the promise of Social Security for future generations .
`` This is a technology that has the capacity to generate truly staggering environmental impacts , and most are not good , '' Richard Charter , an environmentalist with the group Environmental Defense , told the San Antonio Express-News .
According to the FAO , the combined price index of all commodities fell by 53 percent in real terms between 1997 and 2003.4 Low prices meant cheaper imports ( competing with local food production ) and also poor export revenue earnings , together with low incentives to invest in improving agricultural productivity .
In the 1980 election , according to Courtwright , feminists upset by Carter 's tepid support for abortion and the Equal Rights Amendment `` cut off their party 's nose to spite its nominee 's face '' and deserted the Democrats .
Since the greenhouse effect is a real effect , it is hard to avoid the conclusion that the buildup of greenhouse gases will result in an intensified greenhouse effect , resulting in increased global warming to some extent .
What the right calls freedom - a society of vicious economic Darwinism , profound inequality and insecurity , and exploitation of workers - would leave little opportunity for the vast majority to exercise much liberty at all .
All it needs to do is : restore the funds taken from it ; stop draining it to enable tax cuts ; start making the wealthy and super-wealthy pay into it by raising the cap and\/or making the super - wealthy millionaires pay into it . ''
Phillips , who never bought the argument that the tax cuts would increase revenue , criti-cized Reagan for `` hitching his political future to the fiscal theories of Calvin Coolidge 's and Herbert Hoover 's treasury secretary Andrew Mellon .
Children were more likely to receive that support when their parents ( or other guardians ) could find secure and personally satisfying jobs , high-quality child care , and a supportive partnership that left room for a measure of personal autonomy .
Social Security has been an impressively successful program , which has not only almost eliminated poverty among the elderly33 but also provided a kind of security that no private insurance program can match , protecting against volatility in the stock market as well as against inflation .
By using subcontractors , which removes its direct involvement in production , Nike has been able to take advantage of extreme forms of labor coercion , while defusing much of the criticism associated with such gross exploitation .
( Though , when they have the opportunity to preach their case to liberals , they are happy to argue that tax cuts would produce a gusher of revenue that could fund more generous programs . ''
Social workers and teachers should be aware , for instance , that abuse by a close relative will take on average much longer to divulge than abuse by a stranger or a further related person , the `` selfish gene '' logic having presumably selected the switching on of dissociation or selective recall mechanisms to `` keep up a good front .
But Molyneux suggests a plausible way to fight this battle : by arguing that the Republicans ' plan would cut taxes for the wealthy and reduce spending on popular government programs .
These results , too , suggest that a very substantial number of people support repealing the estate tax because they mistakenly believe that their own taxes will be lower as a result .
As Benjamin Franklin warned and the tragic events in Mumbai prove , surrendering liberty for promises of security ultimately results in a loss of both .
But if Big Ag companies - which promote exactly the sorts of corn-syrup-laden products that foodies hate - are the strongest advocates for food stamps , we 'll never be able to change the incentives for healthy eating .
During times of class tension and envy , it could introduce a luxury surcharge to create a higher FairTax rate for certain expensive goods such as sports cars or luxury cars .
He raised interest rates , tightened credit , and triggered the most punishing economic slump since the 1930s .
There are certainly reasonable arguments to be made that Democrats ' efforts to do so will be facilitated by defusing Republican values issues and continuing to close the gap on national-security issues .
And as a result of what a recent Business Week cover story called the `` medical debt revolution , '' providers have begun turning over unpaid bills to aggressive collection companies charging usurious interest rates and taking advantage of the new bankruptcy law that makes it difficult for people overwhelmed with debt to start over . ''
Our kids get the wonderful opportunity to die in distant lands , while theirs are burdened with free college tuition and good health care .
To encourage investment -- and to the silent rage of other European countries -- Ireland became a huge offshore tax haven , with the corporation tax cut from 32 percent to 12.5 percent and with some very rich people , if Dublin journalists are to be believed , effectively paying no taxes at all .
Maybe it is a good idea that we seek energy independence , that we break our dependence on fossil fuel , and become more energy efficient , which , by the way , investing in public transportation certainly will do , and we move to sustainable energy , such as wind , solar , geothermal , and biomass .
The enormously profitable pharmaceutical industry exerts substantial influence on providers ' prescribing patterns through control of continuing medical education , `` seeding '' ( phony research ) trials , statistical manipulation of data sets to produce results favorable to a company 's drug , selective publication , and gifts ( bribes ) to practitioners .
And in a March 2004 ABC News\/Washington Post poll , 67 percent overall thought that Bush cared more about protecting the interests of large business corporations , compared with 26 percent who thought that he cared more about protecting the interests of ordinary working people-almost exactly the result for the middling education category of `` some college .
When , as has been shown with incontrovertible facts and figures , theirs is the Party of No , the Party of Fear , and their principal preoccupation is making the rich richer and themselves more powerful than they deserve to be .
In a market free from politically secured privilege , it is difficult for people to amass and keep great wealth .
In this case , the politics are even less favorable , since greedy landlords make for an unattractive bailout target .
Under this agreement , both rich and poor countries could make voluntary pledges to cut their greenhouse gas emissions and engage in other activities with the aim of mitigating future man-made climate change .
Despite a 47 to 31 percent Republican advantage in voter registration , Democrats are hoping widespread dissatisfaction with the economy and the war will persuade voters to opt for change of a non-radical nature .
If economic conditions require vital investment or another trillion-dollar stimulus program-and not one watered down with useless tax cuts -- he must make that case , and make it clearly and boldly . ''
`` We are underestimating the magnitude of warming because we are ignoring the extra carbon dioxide dumped into the atmosphere because of warming , '' said John Harte , UC Berkeley professor of energy and resources and of environmental science , policy , and management .
If Blair and Brown can cancel the soap opera before it destroys their careers , perhaps-returning the favor by which Clinton helped Blair devise the triangulations of New Labour-Brown as prime minister can help Americans see the path to a new and vigorous progressivism , in which the benefits of economic growth are broadly shared .
Although claiming to reject mystical forces , Wright constantly reassures us that biology and history exude scientific evidence for a `` larger purpose '' and `` a special creative explanation .
Good grief , the financial industry damn near buried the economy ; they have screwed middle-class Americans every way you can get screwed .
The German federal government and state governments also have subsidized the creation of new , green industries and used regulatory policy to create domestic demand for their products .
The survivors ' benefits in Social Security do represent an important source of support for children at risk of a collapse in their family 's living standards .
For its part , Cleveland has turned all the usual tricks and more while manifestly failing to address the most basic quality-of-life building blocks that might generate jobs , attract people , and build hope .
Another , somewhat perverse piece of political good news is that more and more middle-class families are vulnerable to the same stresses that have afflicted poor families through the ages-not enough time both to earn a living and to care for children ; and rising cost barriers to the highest-quality care that the rich have always paid for privately .
So while the left focused on social issues , the right destroyed the welfare state , sold state assets to their rich mates , and introduced free market policies which destroyed quality jobs and grew the gap between rich and poor dramatically .
Yes , of course , the studios , with greater or lesser degrees of enthusiasm , make other things besides spectacles -- thrillers and horror movies ; chick flicks and teen romances ; comedies with Adam Sandler , Will Ferrell , Jennifer Aniston , Kathe-rine Heigl , and Cameron Diaz ; burlesque-hangover debauches and their female equivalents ; animated pictures for families .
The proposal also includes creating an orderly program for those who opt for permanent migration and settlement , as well as organizing an integrated labor management system in North America in which vacancies created in Mexico by departing migrants are filled , in turn , by Central Americans - thereby strengthening local economies and thus reducing migratory pressures leading to U.S.-bound unauthorized migration .
Its intent is used to justify the great reliance on emergency-room treatment for primary-care problems : it is deemed a necessary evil because if kids were n't getting their basic health needs met in emergency rooms , their health problems would likely get worse and lead to very serious and expensive emergency-room treatment later .
In a recession a conservative Keynesian could favor a cut in marginal tax rates to stimulate demand and , thereby , investment , while a supply-sider would favor a cut in marginal tax rates to stimulate investment and thereby demand .
By remaining unaffiliated with other unions , CCPOA keeps more direct control over its own funds , allowing it to reward friends and punish enemies ( though these two categories can shift over time ) .
All had problems with stable employment , which was undoubtedly an important root cause of much of their destructive behavior .
Prospects for radical change lie in the public 's desire for a clean environment for their grandkids , who will clearly suffer from corporate America 's undervaluing of risk and who are therefore victimized by capitalism 's `` externalities '' as much as the fisherperson out of work due to contaminated catches and the coral bleached by warming and dissolved by acid .
Rather than putting his own capital at risk , Brandeis wrote , `` it is the investment banker 's access to other people 's money in controlled banks and trust companies '' that allowed bankers such as Morgan to dominate and control credit for the entire country .
Many are drawn to the diversity rationale because it frames affirmative action not as special aid for designated groups but as a way of producing better services and products .
Parents struggle to avoid the inferior schools , leading to bankster-funded bidding wars for housing in better school districts .
However , apart from very strong moral and legal arguments against `` wars of choice '' that are not purely defensive in nature , the facts are that our open-ended wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are creating more enemies than they are destroying while loading us with debt and taxes and becoming `` instruments of tyranny at home .
Capitol Hill staffers told Foreign Policy magazine that Kerry delayed the hearing to assist his Republican counterpart on the committee and fellow LOST cheerleader , Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana , in his primary election battle against Tea Party-backed Richard Mourdock .
Even Reagan , who championed the principles of free-market capitalism and peace-through-strength , failed to make some of the tough choices of leadership .
Last year , unions devoted their energy mainly to the legislative battles for labor-law reform , stimulus legislation , and health-care reform .
The Green Party is generally supportive of gun control -- even for police -- as the party 's 2008 platform called for limiting police possession of guns and even non-lethal weapons such as Tasers , tear gas , and pepper spray .
Perhaps as a result , most of the energy and anger on today 's right is with the Tea Parties , which tend to focus on libertarian concerns like spending and deficits .
By the same logic , one can argue that allowing Social security to be privatized would create tensions in the conservative coalition and a backlash that might help Democrats politically .
Tomasi preaches to the left that respect for economic liberties is a key part of respecting individual autonomy and that a properly freed market generates enough wealth to benefit the least well off .
The police , not bothering to pretend to be impartial , made violent attacks on their peaceful marches .
By asking of border enforcement more than it can deliver , our policy has caused public frustration to reach the boiling point in places like Arizona and given cause to extremist voices that make it all the harder to get to `` yes '' on the critical choices needed to reach meaningful change .
When given a choice between sentencing murderers to death or to life in prison without parole , plus a requirement that they work and make restitution to a fund for victims ' families , support for capital punishment drops dramatically .
In the end , it was Sontag herself who gave us the most useful metaphor for understanding her -- for making sense of the willed restlessness , the seemingly irresoluble tensions and contradictions that hover over her life and work and politics : paradoxes to which the early private writings already bear striking witness .
But a true supporter of private property and personal responsibility can not be indifferent to environmental damage , and should view it as a form of unjustified aggression that must be punished or enjoined , or dealt with in some other way that is mutually satisfactory to all parties .
Prominent climate scientists , including many who were deeply involved with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report , were exposed plotting to `` hide the decline '' in global temperatures , conspiring to violate Freedom of Information laws , and scheming to keep contradictory viewpoints excluded .
For the ten years beginning in 2012 , the Ryan budget would cut Medicaid spending by about one-third , and as a result , according to estimates by the Urban Institute and the Kaiser Family Foundation , between 31 million and 44 million people would lose Medicaid coverage - a disaster for lowincome Americans and the health-care providers that serve them .
Instead , they are funded , and in some cases were created , by money flowing from pedigreed `` establishment '' sources , primarily the large tax-exempt charitable foundations , like the Ford Foundation and others .
This is the very reasonable argument most Protestants make , which is why they have come to accept contraception and even divorce , despite unqualified biblical condemnation of the latter .
Lee has played the local politics of medical marijuana as skillfully as anyone , winning city approval for industrial-sized indoor growing operations to feed the medical distribution system as well as a statement of intent to legalize the general sale of marijuana to adults as soon as the state permits it .
The Social Security Administration was created to solve the problem of senior poverty , and unemployment insurance was introduced as part of the new safety net .
Republicans have long denounced federal funding for child care as a threat to the American family , as Richard Nixon argued in his veto of a 1971 bill to establish a national child-care system .
Reauthorization should have focused on the next steps in anti-poverty policy : helping low-income workers get better jobs , ending restrictions on benefits for legal immigrants , and expanding work supports , most notably child care , for low-earning families .
Only when we make meaningful investments in schools - not prisons - will our nation reap the benefits through increased earnings for families , reduced unemployment , increased tax revenues from more vibrant local economies , reduced reliance on public assistance , increased civic engagement , and improved public-safety outcomes for neighborhoods at risk of violence and victimization .
This is the case when ecological principles are used in the redesign of small farms , enhancing the habitat so that it promotes healthy plant growth , stresses pests , and encourages beneficial organisms while using labor and local resources more efficiently .
Lovera is also convinced that the lack of sick leave for workers creates a food danger .
Over the past 20 years , a growing number of evangelical churches have joined what is called the `` church growth movement , '' which favors a more contemporary , market-driven style of worship -- with rock 'n' roll `` praise songs '' supplanting traditional hymns and dramatic sketches replacing preachy sermons -- in the hope of attracting new members and turning churches into megachurches .
Likewise , scientists have noted that NOAA 's current policy of sharing BP 's spill data was driven by loud public demands for openness and BP probably would n't have been so eager to hide the crude underwater if it thought no one cared about the environment .
If you allow an economic system in which 1 percent of the people have more than half the wealth and the other 99 percent have to share the other half , then the 1 percent are not going to be so stupid as to not realize that one of the ways you secure yourself is to control the political system .
After his return to Congress , he went even further , championing a patients ' bill of rights despised by the HMO industry and the Bush administration ; pushing through a sweeping campaign finance reform bill that Bush signed unwillingly ; enraging the NRA by pushing legislation to close the `` gun show loophole '' ; and sounding the alarm over global warming .
Confusing the cause of free markets with the cause of democracy is astounding given the overwhelming evidence that the latest free market jubilee has disenfranchised ever larger segments of the world body politic .
The goal , in other words , was to harness the power of the market to fight the threat of catastrophic climate change , `` incentivizing '' private investment in the development of alternative energy .
Those that stand to benefit argue that REDD just needs a few safeguards to make it work , but others like the Indigenous Environmental Network insist that REDD must be rejected .
In the same year Barry Commoner in his The Closing Circle highlighted the ecological dangers associated , in particular , with the petrochemical industry , which he argued was deeply embedded in an increasingly toxic mode of production driven by profit .
Estimates of the potential damage caused by global warming range widely , depending on predictions about how the climate will react to extra carbon dioxide , future economic growth , and , most crucially , the discount rate .
Reason 's Peter Suderman writes that Ryan `` does n't want to let the perfect be the enemy of the good , or even of the very slightly better '' And while Tea Party sympathizers have a sense of urgency about the debt crisis , polls suggest even they do n't fully grasp the enormity of the entitlements program .
In health care , more effective cost containment can partially alleviate these pressures ; as Jacob S. Hacker argues elsewhere in this section , public programs of social insurance are typically more efficient than their private counterparts .
They would not be mean-spirited and , for example , blame gay people for the breakdown of the family , nor would they criminalize the choices of desperate women backed into difficult and dangerous corners .
In 1987 , the Federal Communications Commission repealed the Fairness Doctrine on the grounds that it violated the free speech rights of broadcasters and that as a result there was less broadcast time devoted to important issues .
Democrats found it especially maddening to hear a complaint last week from California Republican David Dreier , who , as outgoing chairman of the House Rules Committee , smothered countless Democratic bills and amendments in their cribs .
Only when we make meaningful investments in schools - not prisons - will our nation reap the benefits through increased earnings for families , reduced unemployment , increased tax revenues from more vibrant local economies , reduced reliance on public assistance , increased civic engagement , and improved public-safety outcomes for neighborhoods at risk of violence and victimization .
The letter argued that the standards would lead to `` long hours of instruction '' in literacy and math , inappropriate testing , and didactic instruction that would '' ( cut ) off children 's initiative , curiosity , and imagination , limiting their later engagement in school and the workplace , not to mention responsible citizenship .
Malthus is also a darling of progressive thought , because his argument that humans cause scarcity is an inspiration for environmentalism , socialism , and other leftist doctrines .
One of the murdered teenagers turns out to be a rich girl who was stabbed to death by her lower-class boyfriend and his gang-mates , and when the killers get to prison , her father sees to it that they pay a horrifying , public price .
After all , industrial food is cheap not only because of the efficiencies of scale and technologies , but also because the industrial system is so good at ignoring , or externalizing , costs such as ecological degradation or poor nutrition or underpaid labor .
This would make it more likely that union organizing campaigns would succeed , that workers would have better-paying jobs , that the ripple effects of union pay would improve the overall economy , and that the political influence of the labor movement would help the nation enact more progressive policies to make America a more humane society .
And while the media have often focused on the domestic implications of the Bush administration 's conservatism-its fealty to tax cuts above all else , its focus on big business at the expense of a truly level economic playing field-it is this intellectual scandal , this failure to adapt to the world , that has ended up costing America the most .
Rather than attack his attackers , Chambers accepted the burden of moral guilt and recast it in the rhetoric of high sacrifice : `` The story has spread that in testifying against Mr. Hiss I am working out some old grudge , or motives of revenge or hatred .
It bails out institutions deemed `` too big to fail , '' but in preventing the collapse of several banks , from Merrill Lynch to Bear Stearns to Wachovia to National City , its preferred strategy has been to orchestrate mergers to create even bigger banks , thus redoubling the toobig-to-fail problem .
Yet although the necessity of education and labor-market policies to bring more disadvantaged youth into productive and remunerative employment is self-evident , it is naive to expect skill enhancement alone either to create jobs or to ensure that the jobs created are sufficiently compensated to narrow inequality .
He will end insurance discrimination against contraception , improve awareness about emergency contraception , and provide compassionate assistance to rape victims .
Bergsten ( a CFR member ) also argued in the same November\/December 2009 Foreign Affairs article in favor of `` a broader carbon lax that would limit energy usage and have the additional benefit of helping control global warming , '' allow `` the Federal Reserve to run a relatively easy monetary policy .
To the person who loses his wife to a misplaced bomb , or a child to starvation caused by sanctions , or his brother to a bounty hunter looking to turn a quick profit , or his job to the destruction of his city , the idea that such activities be scaled back or stopped altogether is not isolationism .
Indeed , there is reason to believe that there is a strong pull on capitalism in its current monopoly-finance phase to seek out more fossil-fuel intensive forms of production the more deeply it falls into the stagnation trap , resulting in repeated attempts to restart the growth engine by , in effect , giving it more gas .
It is no secret that the party that lavishes its legislative and executive power on advancing the interests of big business and wealthy Americans is going to have an easier time finding resources to continue to do so than one whose fealty lies with working people and ordinary Americans .
Perhaps the best hope is to challenge or divide businesses and offer an alternative that supports the interests of workers in restored security and opportunity as well as the interests of business in sustained prosperity .
Every tax cut bill for the rich was called a jobs creation bill .
Many on the left would pick inequality , perceiving the growing gap between rich and poor not as a product of the free market and the long-widening gap between the college educated and the working class , but as the result of the use and abuse of political power .
Looking back , the leaders might blame the fervid social environment created by the central government or the pressure they received for more and quicker results from their higher-ups in the provincial or central governments .
So , too , today : Already , President Obama 's newly convened deficit commission looks to be blaming the nation 's fiscal woes not on tax cuts , wars , or bank bailouts , but on the burden of Social Security and Medicare .
Gore , in the meantime , actually thinks the world is turning his way , telling USA Today : `` What 's different in business audiences in the past year or so is a new and widespread receptivity , a keen awareness , an eagerness on the part of large numbers to find out how they can take a leadership position .
Allowed freedom , individual decision makers would unleash creative destruction on much of the current system .
The issues that these Web sites put before employees-repealing the `` death tax , '' expanded oil drilling , tort reform-may serve the short-term benefit of investors , but the consequent fiscal debacle , radical income inequality , healthcare mess , energy insecurity , and overall level of risk is a great danger to future economic prosperity .
Contemporary libertarian individualism and statist collectivism created each other and are locked in a fatal embrace that destroys the civic middle and the life and economy of the associative citizen .
Egalitarians point out that someone born into a family with a low income hardly has the same opportunity as a wealthy person to obtain first-class medical coverage , therefore government assistance is needed to make equal opportunity a reality .
A 2009 report from the Department of Homeland Security on `` Right-Wing Extremism '' warned of `` hate-oriented '' people and organizations that `` are mainly anti-government , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority | Janet Napolitano , meet Thomas Jefferson | or rejecting government authority entirely '' ( like the infamous terrorist Henry David Thoreau ) .
Much as middle-class homeowners cherish it , the mortgage deduction functions mostly as another upside-down subsidy : Less than half of homeowners can use it , and for each dollar saved by those making between $ 30,000 and $ 40,000 , those making $ 1 million or more save $ 380 .
To get a sense of the inner workings of conservative Washington , we need only take a glimpse at the politics of suburban Loudoun County itself , where a nasty fight between business interests and , well , people has been going on for years .
These two highly successful examples clearly demonstrate the necessary intersection among three critical factors : qualified and motivated staff , leadership committed to improving the academic achievement for all students , and funding adequate to ensure that poor and challenged students will succeed academically at a high level .
Abstract : At no time since the Great Depression have the working poor and the working middle class had more in common in their economic vulnerability , or been more in need of cross-class government programs , such as reliable pensions , health insurance , protections against income loss , and new needs of the broadly denned working family , such as child care .
Donated free primary care for the poor would likely generate great savings , both through efficiency and through less use by the poor of hospital emergency rooms ( up to S 14 billion per year ) which must treat everyone under federal law whether the patients can pay or not .
It is inane to attribute victimhood and low self-esteem to all women and it is vicious to preach it to young , impressionable women .
The union wage premium has diminished , and unions have had to fight defensive battles to slow the decline in health care and pension coverage , and to shift the costs and risks of these benefit plans from employers to workers . ''
These freedoms are abused by Americans on a daily basis who use them to insult , hurt , and even kill other people .
Since the law defined assault weapons based on whether or not they had several features , the manufacturers did n't bypass the law -- they simply complied by eliminating features the law called for .
Rather than searching for common ground , they have tried to arouse a climate of fear about reform , hoping to do to Barack Obama what their party did in 1994 to Clintonhumiliating a newly elected Democratic president by utterly defeating him on his leading domestic initiative .
By contrast , the pope and his less-beloved but more dogged successor did hold fast against the satanic optimism of the free market and opposed both vainglorious Gulf Wars despite the unpopularity it caused them .
Facebook , Twitter , and other social media keep his young and tech-sawy fans engaged , and the Democratic Party has used the gargantuan Obama list - over 10 million supporters ' e-mail addresses - to elicit constituent calls on behalf of the president 's health-care reform agenda , among other items .
Private insurers make money today in large part by avoiding people with high medical costs , and in a reformed system they 'd love a public plan where they could dump the sick . ''
Nearly 74 percent of self-described Tea Party supporters would support a `` national manufacturing strategy to make sure that economic , tax , labor , and trade policies in this country work together to help support manufacturing in the United States , '' according to a 2010 poll conducted by the Mellman Group and the Alliance for American Manufacturing .
They upheld a public purpose that highlighted the weaknesses of the libertarian right and led them to criticize the `` social imbalance '' of a society enamored of consumerism and markets , and not America 's civic fabric .
There is another way to stop anger over the WikiLeaks document dumps from turning into an assault on the First Amendment .
But the corporation is a legal fiction that lets the investors who own the business skate whenever the business behaves badly ( read : steals , kills , poisons , pillages , corrupts , and so on ) , avoiding individual responsibility for illegal actions done in their name , even when such actions profit them mightily .
A strategic response is also based on recognizing the importance of marine ecosystem services ( valuing the priceless ) in order to generate the political will to prevent their continued loss .
If we 're successful at moving beyond the population movement and toward an integrated economic development and women 's rights movement , we 'll stand a much better chance of creating a world where we all can live .
Because they believed that poverty and socioeconomic circumstances determined violent crime rates much more than values and policing did .
On MSNBC in April , West told the Reverend Al Sharpton , a White House ally , `` I worry about you , brother , because you can be easily manipulated by those in the White House who do have the interests of Wall Street oligarchs , who do have the interests of corporate plutocrats , and you oppose .
Taxing the rich should also have become more politically attractive , as raising rates at the top allows Congress to raise more money without making any new enemies .
Freedom from oil was one of the four pillars of the national security plan that dominated the Democrats ' program , clean and efficient energy was put forward as a tool for investing in small business and restoring communities , and the promotion of a renewables industry was a centerpiece of the strategy for rebuilding America 's manufacturing base .
If anyone in human history should feel less victimized by reality , it seems it should be the rich , the very rich , the very , very rich and the very , very , very rich people whose wealth has accrued wholly without toil .
Indeed , the publicoption debate was a case study in why cost control is so hard : Conservative Democrats first effectively stripped out the tools of cost control that would have allowed the public option to compete aggressively with private insurers .
Paying for the full tax cuts in 2014 by reducing government spending would be catastrophic , both substantively and politically : It would require a 48-percent cut in Social Security benefits , complete elimination of the federal part of Medicaid , or an 80-percent cut in all domestic discretionary spending ( such as for environmental protection , education , and health research ) .
The act was designed to create a federal effort to address violence against women by providing uniform definitions of abuse and providing funds for victim advocates , women 's shelters , and counseling .
Since the Cr ( #x 17d ) dit Mobilier was a private corporation , unlike the Union Pacific , it avoided public scrutiny ; and because bribes were paid to important political `` friends '' in the form of stock , few in positions of power had much interest in blowing the whistle .
The bill sparked international outrage , including threats to cut off financial aid to Uganda .
While successful national development ultimately depends on choices made by the citizens of the nation itself , collective projects like the EPU or ALBA do have a critical role to play .
Challenged by Rick Perry about once having employed illegal immigrants as lawn workers , Romney initially answered with a chuckle and strained smile ; but , when Perry kept interrupting his attempt at a reply , Romney 's temperature shot skyward .
The only way to achieve equality when a free market , free associations , and free competition fail to deliver it is to use state power to forcibly bring about parities of income , influence , rewards , and riches .
But what bothers me is that this provision in this agreement , which is a good provision , suggests that this is a hardwon compromise ; that the Republicans conceded something and they agreed to a 13-month extension of unemployment benefits . ''
Their themes are familiar : Government is in the way and has no role to play in an economic recovery , taxes are always bad , tax cuts will spur growth , public programs are wasteful and unnecessary , private companies can do a better job , public workers are lazy and coddled , public spending is the root of our problems .
There were other conservative biases built into the study , such as ignoring empty and bombed-out houses , as Michael O'Toole pointed out , but no serious criticisms were made that would account for a significant over-estimate of deaths resulting from these methods .
Today , a sizable and growing number of individuals and institutions have identified the deep chasm of global poverty as their central moral concern and have made significant commitments to overcome the global apathy that leads to massive suffering and death . ''
In an earlier book , The Great Unraveling ( 2003 ) , he warned of the dangers of deficit spending when the economy is in good condition , rightly excoriating the Bush administration for its massive defense spending .
Even with the unfunded wars , Obama noted , if the Bush administration and Congress had paid for the tax cuts and drug benefit , there would be no serious debt problem .
One of Rendell 's first initiatives after taking office in January 2003 was to establish the Pennsylvania Energy Harvest to allocate about $ 5 million a year in grants to companies to encourage investment in renewable energy sources , energy-saving production processes , and alternative energy production .
Massachusetts benefited most , creating thirty-eight hundred jobs and nearly $ 500 million in economic activity between 2008 and 2011 , because it used the bulk of its money to help fund its aggressive energy-efficiency agenda .
`` It attacks people who are suffering , it allows people who are rich to be unaccountable , it 's out of touch with the realities of changing demographics , and it 's terrifically unpopular .
But certain patterns of pressure imposed on Iran are effectively strangling its attempts to generate revenues for needed imports and for infrastructural improvements .
Against the turn-of-the-century backdrop of massive strikes , lynchings of African Americans , class hatred , and government attacks on workers , Addams 's commitment to mediation , conciliation , and cooperation looked wishy-washy , stemming from an investment in her own virtue rather than a realistic assessment of the bitter politics of the day .
Possibly it implies the mysterious working of divinity , or it may indicate the sheer deviltry of a clever director who wants to tease us with suspicion of a divine plan .
McKibben argues that while our preoccupation with utilitarian economics has produced unprecedented growth and material wealth , it has faltered when it comes to providing human happiness and satisfaction .
Problem is , studies show that individuals are pretty bad at distinguishing necessary care from unnecessary care , and so they tend to cut down on mundane-but-important things like hypertension medicine , which leads to far costlier complications .
Instead , Medicare and Medicaid should be left out of the discussion entirely until our elected leadership has the courage to address the real reasons why our health care costs are rising : the toxic environment created by investor-owned insurances and the profit-driven health care industry .
And maybe the only thing worse than being abused by the trusts was not being abused : Ninety percent of rural Americans had no electricity at all , since utilities scorned them as unprofitable customers .
This critical dearth extends to our news media , which have a documented track record of promoting the profit system , and a keen distaste for those that advocate radical change .
The substitution of tolerance for contempt and pity does not lighten the burden sufficiently to make the American dream accessible to African American and other minority citizens .
A modest deficit on the order of 1 percent of gross domestic product is not a problem , particularly if the money goes toward new investments in the young or in new sources of clean energy that serve the interests of future generations .
So while conservatives believe , say , that progressive taxes inhibit incentives to work , they would not change this view even if it were proven wrong , because buttressing their position is a deeper belief about the immorality of big government .
The course of American history demonstrates the difficulties , the struggles , and the great intellectual and moral resolve which were demanded to shape a society which faithfully embodied these noble principles .
In Free Lunch , Johnston offers an appalling sampler of the other strategies used by the affluent to win tax breaks and other hidden subsidies at the expense of both the Treasury and the broad public interest .
The government is weak and getting weaker by the day ; it also shows little willingness to make the minimum commitments necessary for stability -- amending the constitution to guarantee Sunnis their share of national oil revenue , allowing lower-level Baathist officials to be rehabilitated , and disarming the militias . ''
These traditions demand that we reject violence but welcome public outrage at corporate and societal greed .
Most recently the worldview that I am describing has colored much of the conservative outrage at the prospect of health care reform , which some have called a `` redistribution of health '' from those wise enough to have secured health insurance to those who have not .
Abstract : Unfortunately , progressives have tended to pay more attention to Election Day dirty tricks and to electronic voting machines than to a more systemic threat : the Republican campaign to suppress the votes of low-income , young , and minority voters through restrictive legislation and rulings , all based on the mythic specter of voter fraud .
Although arguments along those lines are forcefully advanced by Catholic thinkers , xvi and in a shallow form constitute the stock-in-trade of the spokesmen of what might be called crude conservatism , they are not held in high esteem by most economists whose intellectual background is liberalism and rationalism .
The bureau is already on an energy binge : This spring in Wyoming , where studies blame expanded gas drilling for plummeting wildlife populations , it sold new drilling leases covering some 630,000 acres , a move conservationists say will destroy some of the state 's last and richest sagebrush habitat .
After a number of unsuccessful legislative initiatives , the UAW effectively gave up fighting for a class-wide safety net and winning benefits from the companies .
When the Soviet system experienced difficulties , as any system will , workers tended to blame the managers and the managers blamed the worker , thereby articulating the adversarial relation that had never been overcome inside Soviet enterprises .
The estimated 5.7 million jobs lost since late 2007 have meant lower revenues from the payroll taxes used to fund these two misnamed `` entitlement '' programs , and the looming retirement of tens of millions of baby boomers will quite possibly strain them to the breaking point . ''
Chu , for his part , acknowledges that the threat posed by global warming requires a wide array of practical and immediate responses , including a cap on carbon emissions to make fossil fuels less competitive .
The best known of these , for many readers , is The Bell Curve ( 1994 ) , in which Murray and co-author Richard J. Herrnstein contended that blacks fare worse in the economy because they have lower IQs - ignoring evidence that the black-white test-score gap had narrowed as discriminatory barriers fell .
Many of the Republican Party leaders are also revealing their duplicity by raucously brandishing their `` Repeal ObamaCare '' slogans at Tea Party rallies and conservative gatherings , while gradually changing their positions from `` repeal '' to `` repeal and replace '' -- the message being , of course , that instead of staunchly opposing the Obama federalization , they will support a kinder , gentler version of the national program . ''
It 's true that entitlement programs have gradually been consuming more of the federal budget , but the cuts in other programs were caused by the hostility of right-wing presidents to social spending generally , by reckless tax cuts for the wealthy , and by the increases in military spending .
The answer , of course , is that it does not go nearly far enough to satisfy those who argue that greenhouse gases must be cut now and must be cut drastically through caps on greenhouse emissions in order to save the Earth from environmental havoc .
When toxic gas was released at a Union Carbide plant in Bhopal , India , killing as many as twenty thousand people , the Indian government pressed the company to compensate the victims for losses estimated at $ 3.3 billion .
Still , participants can exhibit racialized prejudices or behavior , and whites , in particular , can react defensively when challenged .
The debate about taxation in the campaign , while constrained by Obama 's promise of a tax cut for everyone earning less than $ 150,000 , by the end nonetheless revealed a broad acceptance that the better-off have more responsibility to pay for public goods , breaking the Reagan-era assumption that taxes are poison to liberal aspirations .
The Affordable Care Act was packed with cost control measures that cut $ 500 billion from Medicare spending , which Republicans attacked as an assault on Medicare .
THE FEDERAL RESERVE IS STILL STRUGGLING TO contain what is already the most severe credit contraction since the Great Depression .
At some point , the economic costs of deteriorating forests , dying lakes , damaged crops , respiratory illnesses , increasing temperatures , rising sea levels , and other destructive effects of fossil fuel use become unacceptably high .
The absence of such a party derives both from rules that make third parties extremely difficult to organize and a system of campaign finance that makes every party dependent on rich contributors .
Though seemingly an innocent technical change from `` wage indexing '' to `` price indexing , '' the result would be a drastic cut in benefits over time-not just for those who chose to put some payroll-tax receipts into individual accounts but for all retirees who stayed with traditional Social Security .
Our hope is that by critically appreciating and absorbing Western ecological Marxism , Chinese ecological Marxists can criticize hegemony and the power of capital and courageously defend the rights of the poor and the weak .
introduced the America 's Climate Security Act of 2007 ( S. 2191 ) in the last Congress , the Heritage Foundation warned , `` All such climate change measures warrant careful scrutiny , as they would likely increase energy costs and do considerably more economic harm than environmental good .
Freedom fighters must be equipped with freedom solutions for the major problems facing America .
First , Benkler argues , because it is intrinsically good to be able to use more of your capabilities-to create and share as well as make a living , or even to make a living partly by creating and sharing .
Even if the models had detected possible losses better , things still would have gotten ugly because the market obsessively reused , or leveraged , these loans in multiple ways .
Senator Sherrod Brown ( D-OH ) in The Myths of Free Trade has documented that U.S. investment is increasingly shifting toward authoritarian nations , where independent labor unions are crushed , critical journalists imprisoned or `` disappeared , '' and government policy is focused on attracting foreign investors through holding down wages and offering tax subsidies .
Rather than be an obstacle to action to get Americans back to work , we were determined to use the full force of our ideas to help the Democratic majority produce a better stimulus bill to help pull the country back from the economic abyss . ''
Reed whitewashes the 45-year regime of hellish cruelty that has caused a large segment of the population to migrate , often at the risk of their lives .
President Barack Obama , who needs to win many Midwestern states if he 's to be re-elected , would do well to follow Brown 's lead and align himself more clearly with the cause of worker rightsparticularly because his economic policies do n't look to hold much promise for the Midwest 's economic prospects .
Freedom from oil was one of the four pillars of the national security plan that dominated the Democrats ' program , clean and efficient energy was put forward as a tool for investing in small business and restoring communities , and the promotion of a renewables industry was a centerpiece of the strategy for rebuilding America 's manufacturing base .
That dynamic will only grow more antagonistic as the oceans become warmer and more acidic because of climate change .
By loading them with debt , they cut tibe companies ' taxes because the interest is fully deductible from profits , and they use those tax savings to pay themselves generous fees and dividends .
Farm-labor contractors give American produce growers what companies like China 's Foxconn offer to Apple : a way to outsource a costly and complicated part of the business , often saving money in the process and creating a firewall between the brand and the working conditions under which its products are made .
Labor-law reform ( and enforcement of existing labor and discrimination laws ) would restore some balance of power in the workplace and would allow workers to go beyond federal or state minimums to secure a fair share of the profits their work creates .
The source of these evils lies not in political and economic freedom , but in past failures at social engineering and the attempt to obfuscate those failures with even more ingenious applications of state power .
Concretely , people need to live closer to where they work , in ecologically designed housing built for energy efficiency as well as comfort , and in communities designed for public engagement , with sufficient places , such as parks and community centers , for coming together and recreation opportunities .
Because education is so key in changing all the above statistics , to rob low-income families of the one thing that would most liberate their children is especially cruel and evil .
And therefore there is also no justification for the favorable tax treatment of capital income , which increasingly permits the wealthy to retain full control over the allocation of their wealth .
Instead of relying wholly on formal governance institutions or commercial security vendors to make the Net secure , Zittrain has specific proposals and initiatives already under way to use generativity to solve the problems of generativity - `` to empower rank-andfile users to contribute , rather than to impose security models that count on a handful of trusted people for control .
Wealthy shareholders of foundering financial corporations , on the other hand , have welcomed the Fed 's newfound largesse , with the likes of Bear Stearns and other investment banks happy to avail themselves of Federal Reserve loans since the Fed first made such funds available earlier this year .
There is nothing in Jefferson 's paraphrase of Mason that remotely suggests , as Vernon Parrington contended , that this constitutes `` a complete break with the Whiggish doctrine of property rights , '' nor , as Arthur Schlesinger argued , that Jefferson meant to imply that the true end of government is to secure the happiness of its subjects .
He believes that the civic virtues are like muscles , strengthened by exercise and atrophied with disuse , so he wants Americans to exercise their public virtues in order to weaken the influence of money on their private motives .
The body 's numerous obstructive procedural mechanisms and the structural elements that lend individual members so much independence are precisely what encourage petty corruption , pork barreling , and the easy ability of special interests to block progressive reforms .
If we hope to use career ladders to give low-wage workers better opportunities , what 's needed is a strategy for determining which sectors have promise , what level of government to use , and which public or private organization should be the intermediary that links low-wage workers with willing employers .
( They forebodingly add that `` if the rich do not take on this responsibility , they risk provoking the public into a political backlash against the economic system that allowed them to become so wealthy .
It rewards some ( the wealthy and well-connected , who get `` first dibs '' on newly created money ) at the expense of others ( all the rest , who suffer the effects of higher-priced consumer articles without benefiting from asset appreciation ) .
We make that argument throughout the book , connecting the dots among the causes of economic freedom , life , marriage , and religious liberty .
Therefore , if the often anomalous IQ figures discussed above had been provided by any strong critic of IQ as an innate measure of intellectual ability , I would be extremely cautious in accepting them without exhaustive verification of the underlying sources . ''
Free Soil , Free Labor , Free Men argued that the Republican Party grew out of a dynamic capitalist society in the antebellum North and organized the aspirations of an emerging middle class around a critique of the slave South and an ideological celebration of free labor .
After that jarring opener , Judson goes on to argue that asset bubbles , the decline of labor unions , and other factors have created a combustible disparity in wealth throughout the country .
At the same time , further increases in the retirement age are a cynical way to cut benefits for those who for good reasons ca n't work past the early-retirement eligibility age of 62 - because the work is physically too hard or in many cases , because they are already unemployed at that age .
They can not succeed in 2004 if they pin all their hopes on the solutions they offer to such key economic problems as the nearly 3.2 million jobs that have been lost since George W. Bush became president or the rising number of Americans ( around 44 million by current estimates ) without health insurance .
We have noticed this infantilizing tendency elsewhere in the resurgent Right , and here , as well as in those other instances , its implication is obvious : that political economy can be understood as the battle of good and evil .
Why and where markets fail to achieve efficiency is the subject of a great deal of sophisticated analysis , but the limits of the market in realizing freedom raise a less familiar and more difficult problem .
Friedman and Schwartz were not the only reason for the neoliberal revolution -- the failure of communism played a role -- but they certainly advanced free markets by radically changing the economics profession 's view of the 1930s , which had been seen as the greatest failure of capitalism .
When national disasters such as 9\/11 or Hurricane Katrina disrupt refining or distribution networks to even a small degree , the threat to supply provokes a panic in the markets , turning the national disaster into an opportunity for extra oil company profits .
But thanks to the influence of the evangelical Left , three new policy initiatives also made the cut : `` justice and compassion for the poor , '' environmental protection , and the `` restraint of violence . ''
The forces we have just described , including weaker unions and weaker social cohesion working with corporate governance laws that give management enormous discretion to run corporations for their own benefit , have led not only to a declining wage share in national income but also to a change in the way our economy responds to an economic downturn .
Would you rather have hardworking and sometimes brilliant foreigners paying into our Social Security system and making retirement more comfortable for elderly Americans , even as they create jobs for working Americans , or a smaller U.S. .
He continued , `` The best thing you can do for your future is to be here in the present , and that will affect the decisions that you make , because you 'll be making them based on clarity , on what 's going on right now .
Two days before the vote , an anonymous trickster passed out satirical press releases announcing that Barr , Root , and their allies in party leadership had renamed the Libertarian Party the New Republican Party .
But as long as the government fails to act on evidence that private contractors may have committed torture-or , indeed , fails to come clean on how the policy that condoned torture was devised in the first place-the private lawsuit , however flawed , may be the best legal recourse .
Wielding his clout as chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , he 's fought for massive subsidies for fossil fuels , and against the RPS , increased fuel-efficiency standards-and especially the separate `` light truck '' standard-and ( winning him no love from Speaker Nancy Pelosi ) California 's 38year-old right to set its own emissions standards .
That means not cutting benefits and thus disposable income further , but instead an increase in Social Security retirement benefits , a nationalization of all 401k plans under Social Security , a business value added tax to fund future contributions to a national 401k pool , and policies to restore defined benefit pensions once again .
It 's time to make the argument for public investment in education and the economy , and to link it to a campaign against the loopholes and tax dodges that allow corporations and the well-heeled to avoid paying their fair share of taxes .
As they see it , that 's a problem because `` the risk that the public will fail to trust a well-motivated president is just as serious as the risk that it will trust an ill-motivated one . ''
Despite ecological Marxism having been well accepted , to some extent , in China , there are also serious challenges Chinese ecological Marxists must face if these ideas are successfully to take root in China .
As FDR conceived it , every American would have the right `` to a useful and remunerative job , '' `` good education , '' `` adequate medical care and the opportunity to ... enjoy good health , '' and `` adequate protection from the economic fears of old age , sickness , accident , and unemployment .
Torture also specifically violates the Eighth Amendment : `` Excessive bail shall not be required , nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted .
Expansion of gross domestic product is a good thing , but 4 percent annual growth does not guarantee that Americans will see significant improvement in their own economic positions ; and eroding real wages in the midst of a growing economy translates into an important political fact as well .
Interestingly , on the basis of this argument , the advocates should support our first strategy for economic recovery : higher public investment .
Abstract : Richard Nixon created Supplemental Security Income and considered guaranteeing a minimum yearly wage , Gerald Ford resurrected the Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) , Jimmy Carter passed the Comprehensive Employment and Training Administration Act , and even Ronald Reagan vastly expanded the EITC .
Fung and his colleagues have catalogued fifteen targeted transparency programs in their study , ten of them created since 1986 , all with substantial bipartisan support , and all with a common mechanism : give the consumer data he or she can use , and he or she will use it to `` regulate '' the market better .
Confronting this poison-spewing Goliath is not merely a matter of laws and regulations , but of changing the way we think about chemicals , challenging the corporate orthodoxy that insists they are essential to modern living .
At that time , Franklin Roosevelt corrected the faults in the economy and created the Social security Act to build lifeboats for Americans drowned by the failure of the marketplace .
With this system , now used for local elections in San Francisco , supporters of insurgent candidates can vote for their first choice without risking the unfortunate consequence of helping elect their last choice .
Modern libertarians were elated at the defeat of Sen. Rick Santorum , less because of his adventurous foreign policy or his violations of free market doctrine than because of his identification with tough , socially conservative Catholicism .
You ca n't seriously assault a part of this system ( C02 emissions from rich economies boring a hole in the ozone layer ) without affecting other parts of the system ( weather and public health ) .
Incredibly , the malefactors who invented the toxic mortgage securities and raked in massive wealth by marketing those fraudulent products with a `` pump-and-dump '' strategy that fleeced millions of savers , investors , and homeowners are now planning to use their ill-gotten gains to once again make a killing .
Though energy required to produce hydrogen disqualifies it as a bona fide energy source , hydrogen could be produced for the purpose of storing energy .
Kench argued that in many Pacific atoll nations , people are clustered densely in the islands ' most fragile places ( in turn creating man-made environmental strains that amplify the effects of climate change ) .
So while in this agreement we do have money for business tax cuts , I do not think that is the best way to invest taxpayer money if we are serious about creating the jobs that we need .
So have 60 prosecutors and the American Conservative Union , which noted its `` profound distrust in the government 's ability to ` get it right ' '' in the arena of criminal justice , warning that when it gets it wrong , innocent people may be wrongly incarcerated or even executed while the guilty go free to wreak further havoc .
The result was an explosion of the complicated and highly risky financial instruments that Brandeis most feared -- such as credit default swaps , which allowed the banks to insure their debt obligations against default and write off the tremen-dous associated risks that complicit bond rating agencies had allowed them to minimize .
While the political elites and many special-interest groups resist the personal ethics\/social justice combination ( perhaps because it threatens many special interests ) , many ordinary people would welcome it .
Those who do not believe that moral values must come from the Bible or from God argue that they have a better source for values : reason .
Recently , he noted that `` both parties '' have failed to enact universal health care or energy independence -- a swipe at Bill Clinton 's legacy -- and took another shot at the Clintonites by bashing `` people who think politics is a game .
He then complains that this battle of ideologies is going to be impossible to resolve , especially since the Tea Party has no leadership , and includes `` affluent suburban libertarians , rural fundamentalists , ambitious pundits , unreconstructed racists , and fiscally conservative housewives .
They argue that you can not teach that killing is wrong by killing .
And because private - equity partners can receive those gains as `` carried interest '' ( taxed only at 15 percent ) , they benefit from special legal advantages in yet one more way .
However , those concerned with there being too many people generally do not discuss the economic system that is so destructive to the environment and people or the critical moral and practical issue of the vast inequalities created by capitalism .
It is hard to know which is more depressing : the punishing and sure-to-rise price that younger Americans are forced to pay for a system that steals from the relatively poor to give to the relatively rich , or the smugness with which champions of this patently unfair system insist on its righteousness .
A two-term mayor of Houston and onetime chairman of the Texas Democratic Party , challenger Bill White is described in terms like `` low-key , '' `` reasoned , '' `` deliberate , '' and `` thoughtful '' -- qualities that would seem to make him a poor fit for office in this political age of fear and loathing and rage .
A string of recent Supreme Court decisions has exacerbated the problem , allowing corporations nearly free rein to attack candidates who present a threat to their bottom line , pushing officeholders to seek even more money .
Kemp argued for a strategy of national defense built on economic strength -- an approach to global affairs that does not reward corrupt leaders in other nations but instead maintains security by virtue of economic example .
Now payback has come with the horrifying revelations that people working for Murdoch 's News of the World hacked the cell phone messages not only of showbiz celebs , but of a girl who had been abducted -- and brutally murdered -- in a way that gave her parents false hope that she might still be alive .
They are fiendishly dangerous to pedestrians - it is the only aspect of Dutch culture that seems to give full scope to aggression - but nevertheless , it has solved the problem of transportation in Amsterdam in a way that has also preserved the city 's ecology .
Obama 's February announcement speech in Springfield , Illinois bemoaned `` the smallness of our politics -- the ease with which we 're distracted by the petty and trivial , our chronic avoidance of tough decisions , our preference for scoring cheap political points instead of rolling up our sleeves and building a working consensus to tackle big problems .
Immigration restriction and affirmative action only merit sustained discussion when the Reaganites do not want to risk `` offending employers who hired low-cost nonunion Latino and Asian workers under a diversity rationale .
On the other hand , the Republican budget that was released last Friday is severe and irresponsible because it gives tax benefits for the wealthiest few , while destroying jobs and harming middle class families , young adults , seniors and even veterans .
No matter how we protest , these statistics indicate how disconnected we are and how little we value children , especially poor children of color .
It follows the CFR\/SPLC lead , falsely claiming that left-wing extremists are comparatively benign because they adhere to a `` nonviolent , ` no-harm ' doctrine '' that leads them to simply target property for vandalism , rather than attacking people .
The Obama plan would take a small portion of the auction receipts , $ 15 billion per year , and use it to make the critical investments to help improve energy efficiency , invest in alternative fuels , and take other measures to help the economy adjust . ''
Rather than calling upon moral ideals , he contends , Marx hoped to reorganize society on the basis of a shared interest in establishing less burdensome economic and social arrangements .
In 1928 , Percy Viosca Jr. , a scientist working for the state of Louisiana wrote , `` Reclamation and flood control as practiced in Louisiana have been more or less a failure , destroying valuable natural resources without producing the permanent compensating benefits originally desired .
We should think of it as the beginning , the first rung on the ladder to creating wealth ( or perhaps the second rung after people stop killing each other at the drop of a hat ) .
When a society or nation goes into decline because of a loss or lack of resources and fighting over the crumbs begins , the stresses in the culture produce more and more children whose brains defer to the survival mechanisms of the reptile brain .
Just as the generation that came of age during and after the Great Depression became what Robert Putnam termed `` the long civic generation , '' a reawakened cohort of Americans now of high school and college age and slightly older would become lifelong supporters of a progressive social compact that improved economic opportunity and security .
With substantial portions of the forest secured , Amazon specialists argue , the world can more effectively focus on the next step - refining new initiatives to pay Amazonian people and nations handsomely for storing the carbon the forest contains rather than releasing it into the atmosphere .
The Coordinated Border Infrastructure Program of the Safe , Accountable , Flexible , Efficient Transportation Equity Act of 2005 -- A Legacy for Users ( SAFETEA-LU ) allows for the tolling of existing interstate highways , and even provides for U.S. .
Many East Germans , as is now clear , would have been surprisingly happy to live in such a place -- another undoubted problem that we in the rich world have never bothered to try to understand .
The reason they were so eager to invest was that these securities ( known as `` structured '' securities ) were rated `` investment grade '' -- meaning that they were viewed as carrying very low risk -- while providing far higher returns than similarly rated corporate , municipal , or treasury bonds .
Instead , Republican legislative success has been astonishingly dependent on what a layman would call `` lying , '' or , as Pierson and Hacker put it , `` the careful design of public policies to highlight some effects and beneficiaries and downplay others .
As labor actions persist , with many workers pushing to establish more independent labor unions with a larger say in production and political processes , state television and radio stations , while praising the protesters in Tahrir , have continuously denounced the striking workers as selfish and intent on destroying the economy .
McKinsey suggests that the drug industry can survive and even thrive in this environment `` by focusing on ` productive ' innovation ( supported by strong evidence ) , collaborating with payors and providers in new ways , and revamping commercial and R&D models to significantly improve effectiveness and efficiency .
A school construction and repair program , for example , can include the provision of solar heating panels and energy efficiency technologies and architecture as core elements , thus creating a market for solar and energy efficiency technologies .
Most individuals reportedly killed by coalition forces were women and children ... Making conservative assumptions , we think that about 100,000 excess deaths or more have happened since the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
It will not stop until the corporate abuse of the poor , the working class , the elderly , the sick , children , those being slaughtered in our imperial wars and tortured in our black sites , stops .
A poll from March of that year , for instance , asked respondents to choose between a tax cut in which `` the largest share of this tax cut would go to wealthier Americans , who currently pay the most in taxes , '' and one that `` would be aimed more at middle income Americans .
The `` weak '' case is that it 's worse for your health and longevity to be poor in a society where the rich are really rich ; the `` strong '' case is that even if you are rich , equality is better for your health .
The most intractable problem , the root cause of instability , is the low and declining share of GDP devoted to household consumption , which has dropped around 11 percentage points in a decade , from 45.3 percent of GDP in 2001 to 33.8 percent in 2010 .
When presented with GBA 's conclusion that increased St. Clair River flows were abnormally lowering lake levels , skeptics at Environment Canada tried to assure the group the change in water levels was due to changes in the amount of water available in the lake basins , caused by the acknowledged drought affecting the upper Great Lakes .
Any of our major industries yields similar examples of greedy bastards rigging both policy decisions and business decisions for their own ongoing benefit using some version of these techniques .
It includes in one network of actions and reactions patterns of disease , relations of production and reproduction , demography , our depletion and wanton destruction of natural resources , changing land use and settlement , and planetary climate change .
A functioning democracy depends not only on providing internal security through an honest police force , an independent judiciary , and an impartial bureaucracy but also a decent standard of living for its people , some reasonable degree of social cohesion , and more than merely adequate political institutions .
As Hendrik Hertzberg explained in an August New Yorker article , proponents would have to argue that it 's unfair to award all of a state 's electors to one party since all of the state 's voters did n't vote for that party .
Before the New Deal , the Supreme Court intervened aggressively to deny Congress the power to control the abuses of a market economy .
In the new security environment , the United States has a choice : continue on the current path of energy dependence in a non-market-driven pricing environment -- with ever-greater balance of payment problems , deindustrialization , transfer of national wealth to the oil producers , and gradual loss of sovereignty -- or push with all available government and industry resources to move away from fossil fuels .
Understanding that monetarism can mean both the management of low inflation in good times , and the creation of inflation in bad times , has proven too difficult for most of the media .
While the banking sector became more risky , creditors to banks ( such as depositors and lenders ) knew they could count on the Fed to engineer bailouts via lower interest rates and access to credit if times got tough-so banks had no trouble raising funding from creditors , and our financial system grew rapidly .
So if that bank fails , that specialized knowledge gets destroyed ; therefore , at least in the short term , no one can easily make that kind of loan .
The Right also confronts a series of challenges that did n't exist when the movement was formed or when Reagan was in office , such as whether their powerful ally , big business , is reaUy a friend of economic freedom or even compatible with promoting traditional values .
Droughts will kill crops , and warming oceans will cripple the fishing industry ( decimating the populations of fishing villages that will be disappearing , anyway , because water from the melting ice caps will drown them ) .
Abstract : Calling fatherlessness a `` social evil '' and the `` engine driving our worst social problems , '' they promote father presence as a panacea for poverty , failure in school , emotional and behavioral problems among boys , premarital sex and pregnancy among girls , suicide , child abuse , and even social inequality .
When a failing company burdened with entrenched , visionless executives is challenged by insurgent entrepreneurial leadership from outside the corporation , expect those in privileged positions to do whatever it takes to cling to power regardless of what is best for the company and its customers .
I also noticed that , starting perhaps thirty years ago with the increase in the number of black mayors and community outrage and protest at police killings and the judgments obtained in civil cases , police who shot and killed civilians were moved to desk and other assignments , where they would not interact with the community .
Yet if paternalistic states create top-down forms of infantilization , markets today are creating bottom-up forms-less visible because they arise from supposedly pluralistic and competitive markets that turn out to be coercive in intractable ways as they seek to inspire childlike dependency in consumers .
As the political wing of Solidarity degenerated into a nationalist reaction to foreign control over the Polish economy , Kowalik argued that capitalism did not have to come in the brutal form of markets regulated by mass unemployment .
When a financial crisis threatens , or begins , there seem to be only two options : bail out the financial capitalists in some way or suffer a more severe financial crisis , which in turn will cause an even more severe crisis in the economy as a whole , which will cause widespread misery and hardships .
An ideal system would pay based on value , the degree of improvement , relief , and safety ( medical errors and incorrect procedures take almost 200,000 lives each year ) each service or procedure offered to patients .
Thus he applauds all of the worst excesses of the `` great '' Presidents Lincoln and Roosevelt , from Roosevelt 's court-packing scheme and internment of Japanese during World War II to Lincoln 's arrest of Congressmen and newspaper editors who disagreed with him during the Civil War .
Nussbaum attributes the recent legal gains that gays and lesbians have made to a `` politics of humanity '' that has replaced disgust with empathy - or `` imagination '' as Nussbaum puts it - and understands gay people as equals pursuing happiness in good conscience .
On the other hand , I do believe the feds should impose standards of behavior on health insurance companies and fine the hell out of them when they fail to pay a legitimate claim or throw a client off the rolls because he or she gets hurt or becomes sick .
The redistributive state turned out also to be , in critical respects , a productive , developmental state , generating wealth as well as power .
Evil people and evil regimes still try to prey on the weak and helpless .
The council will train community and faith-based groups on how to apply for federal grants and comply with a web of federal laws and regulations , work closely with state and local governments to ensure that governors and mayors have the resources they need to support local organizations , and evaluate faith-based or secular community-serving nonprofits for effectiveness .
I mentioned earlier , I think certainly one of the major objections to this agreement is that it provides tens of billions of dollars to the wealthiest people in this country at a time when the rich are already doing phenomenally well and at a time when the wealthiest people have already experienced huge tax breaks .
Trade openness has destroyed some livelihoods while creating some new opportunities for income generation and employment , albeit to a lesser extent .
Republicans need a positive , active agenda on health care , and racial healing , and the economic empowerment of the poor , and the fight against global disease , and the struggles of disadvantaged youth , and energy independence , and a humane bioethics .
Argentina benefited mightily from foreign investment , which it used wisely to create a strong infrastructure and an excellent system of free mass education .
The use of increasing amounts of energy ( especially for nitrogen production ) by the Haber-Bosch process , as well as by mining and processing of phosphorus , causes great ecological disturbance and pollution .
The decline of jobs offering health insurance and pensions makes it difficult for the young to achieve the kind of security their parents enjoyed , but even some companies that offer benefits have introduced two-tier benefit systems that shortchange new employees .
The reason why the bottom quartile has low disposable income is partly because of our lousy educational system plus the taxes they now pay for that school system .
From this view , any country that deliberately allows the disappearance of those high-paying , unionized , permanent jobs that support the entire production-consumption nexus is asking for trouble : the long-term , structural weakness of deindustrialized economies and the failure of the supposed transition to high-valued , knowledge-based economies .
We rely on these laws daily : on Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , unemployment compensation , motor vehicle safety laws , consumer product protections , drug and drinking safety standards , and air pollution controls , but also on the right of worker collective bargaining laws , civil rights laws , and worker safety regulations in mines , factories , and foundries .
Federal judge George Anderson complained that the government had created a `` spy system '' that `` destroys trust and confidence and propagates hate . ''
But removing any legal restrictions on the ability of states to regulate abortion would make things worse , not better , and would allow creative anti-choice legislators to devise regulatory schemes that have the same effect in practice as abortion bans .
Studies have concluded that industry , in fighting the new rules , exaggerated the cost of complying ; outlays were often half what was predicted , and even in high-polluting sectors such as electric power and automobile manufacturing amounted to a `` relatively low '' 2 percent of production value .
He argues , for example , that oligarchs have an interest in pushing tax obligations down to the mass affluent through a lower threshold for the highest tax bracket , which deflects some of the burden and may win the super-rich more allies in opposing higher marginal rates . ''
When the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( the nominally independent board that sets accounting standards ) , supported by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Council of Economic Advisers , tried to force companies to provide honest accounting of what they were giving their executives , the CEOs replied with a vehemence that demonstrated their commitment to deception .
The Serbonian Bog consisted in those institutions that swallow up intellect , morality , imagination , sound learning , beauty , humor , good books , true diversity , religion , academic freedom , wise teachers , and lively students .
Reading between the lines , there are also at least two other sources of irritation : for a Jew , Christianity 's pragmatic success , and its often shameful means of `` overpowering '' Juda-ism , are rightly appalling the forced readings of the Hebrew Bible evident in the New Testament , along with the centu-ries of political oppression and public and private anti-Semitism .
On the other , the same bankers have refused to renegotiate outrageous interest-rate spreads even though , as a result of the crisis they created and due to taxpayer largess , their borrowing costs are next to zero .
What surprised me was the strong reaction from the head of the National Economic Council ( later , secretary of Treasury ) Bob Rubin : he suggested that we were trying to wage class warfare .
( T ) hat is the problem , this is a society which generates too many contradictions , which pours forth knowledge , science , and wealth , but which simultaneously generates too much poverty , too much neglect and , to top it off , is not content with destroying human beings but also destroys nature .
But leading students of central banking today , such as Charles Goodhart , argue strongly that , with the collapse of effective regulation over the past two decades , thin equity layers at many leading banks ( in combination with limited liability of shareholders ) are completely inappropriate for maintaining a stable financial system .
In those societies the wealthy and elites tended to have a reasonable amount of freedom , and freedom diminished as one went down the social pecking order and as the political ideas became more threatening to those in power .
In conditions in which both male and female workers have been forced by adverse conditions in the labor market to accept adverse low-paid and insecure work contracts , as occurred not only in post-crisis East Asia but in other countries of the region , there has been less overt preference for young women workers than was previously observed .
Savage encouraged other gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender adults to make videos about how they struggled as teens and how their lives improved .
`` A nervous disorder appears to be present here because of the manganese fumes , '' Beintker concluded , urging welding companies to share information about the compounds in their products .
This means that we , the workers , must go on the offensive , confront , and overthrow the power of a small class of wealthy capitalists as represented by the Chamber and end its alienating reign or face the destruction of our world .
Republicans seem unaware that whining about uncertainty contradicts one of their fundamental economic principles : Entrepreneurs and businesspeople are risk-takers who should be rewarded for their daring .
For them , it 's not just a matter of fixing the equations but of restoring government 's role in protecting us from risk , of changing incentives at all levels to prevent the powerful from shifting the consequences of their risk-taking onto the rest of us , and of bringing risk down to earth by restoring a connection to local circumstances and community .
The true purpose of bipartisanship is to protect the interests of the Washington Party , the conglomeration of politicians , hustlers , and bureaucrats who benefit from the concentration of wealth and power in the federal city .
One such tax credit idea is to incentive the creation of new energy production technologies that reduce carbon loading .
Her bizarre reaction to an ordinary working-class stress illustrates another irrational principle of capitalist society : blame the victim .
The drastic action , it was argued at the time , was necessary to rescue the entire financial system from collapse ; detractors pointed out that , not only was the coercive extraction of taxpayer funds to reward risky behavior on the part of the world 's wealthiest a moral and fiscal outrage , it would do little besides postpone the evil day .
Troubled countries desperately need growth but are forced to cut spending , hurting their near-term growth .
As the below cited data on the generation of waste in the nuclear production chain show , the U.S.-India nuclear deal is bound to result in huge quantities of extremely dangerous waste that can not be sold on the market , but needs to be put aside , at great risk to humans and to our natural environment .
In effect , she asks us to believe that the anti-government rhetoric of the past decades was successful not because it contained a grain of truth but because of brilliant conservative propaganda .
In doing so , our government will only be fulfilling several of its grand and proudest functions : guaranteeing essentials to every member of society , laying the physical structural foundation for an efficient and dynamic economy , and filling roles the free market fails to fully address . ''
Despite all that togetherness talk , he failed to address the massive unemployment , housing , and insecurity problems of millions , the failure to attack the growth of inequality , and the further consolidation of the too-big-to-fail banks .
Washington could improve or expand Head Start , as well as encourage states to expand pre-K access and improve quality-helping ensure that children in Indiana reap the same benefits from early learning as kids in Oklahoma .
Legacy preferences are an especially terrible idea for tax-supported public universities , since they make it possible for rich , white , and less qualified kids to take seats that are at least in part supported by the tax dollars of poor , minority families .
The entire ground can shift if the Democrats use this electoral moment to mount an assault not just on specific policies but on the entire Reagan project-the idea that tax cuts for the wealthy and enriching the few and pro-market and corporate policies are really the best way to advance the country .
Luckily , there 's a bevy of low-cost , low-tech ways to improve living standards -- carbon free .
It would also be eminently fair , in that it would not punish success but the rich would always pay more , because 17 % of rich is more than 17 % of middle-class .
Sometimes the fear of having a bad mark against them in their credit reports , threatening letters from the creditor companies demanding payment , and the cost of proving one 's innocence have even intimidated some innocent victims into paying someone else 's bills .
Writing more than 200 years ago , Thomas Jefferson argued for a tax on accumulated wealth because he knew that if wealth was passed down from one generation to the next , those lucky inheritors would turn into new aristocrats .
Mr. Moore evens things up a bit ... Mr. Moore offers a glimpse of something most Americans never see : how easily anyone -- including visitors -- can access good public health care in Canada and Europe , and how satisfied those countries ' citizens are with their systems .
Without that understanding , and without a collective commitment to changing our strategy ( that is , our goal ) and our tactics ( that is , the things we do to achieve the strategy ) , we are doomed to an eternity of living in the mean , miserly ninth circle of hell that is conservative rule .
Budowsky concluded , `` Ron Paul is wrong , dead wrong , fatally wrong , disastrously wrong and catastrophically wrong to attack the concept of using monetary policy , properly applied , and to use fiscal policy , properly applied , to increase growth and create jobs during a recession or depression .
He cut a breakthrough deal with the drug companies , which agreed to cut the cost of drugs by $ 80 billion over ten years and spend $ 150 million on television ads supporting health care reform .
Abstract : A renewed obsession with deficit reduction , however , severely reduces the likelihood that Congress will approve a huge investment despite evidence that shows not only that early childhood education is imperative for future success but also that money spent on child care has a significant multiplier effect in a regional economy .
In point of fact , most people who own guns and are subsequently killed with a gun in their home are killed by someone who brought their own gun to commit the killing ( and most of those killed have high-risk criminal lifestyles ) .
While Cameron annoys right-wingers with his commitment to subsidized green energy and international aid , Boris attacks the governing coalition for failing to support the `` struggling middle '' of society .
His employer , a large and amoral conglomerate paying most of its employees subsistence wages , used its workers ' savings ( which the conglomerate controls ) to make loans to spendthrifts ' like the heavily leveraged businessman -- people who continued to live well beyond their means by stretching their credit lines well past the breaking point . ''
For example , McKibben points out that the established measure of economic growth - the Gross National Product-incorporates perverse incentives for economic exchange such that the most productive ( read `` happy '' ) citizen is `` a cancer patient who totals his car on his way to meet with his divorce lawyer .
Over the past century , we have moved away from a system where bank shareholders and senior executives paid dearly for bad management -- and toward a system where fired bank bosses make off with fortunes or launch brilliant political careers .
The worst offender was the party chairman , Jim Greer , who used GOP funds to fly on a private jet and spent $ 5,600 on his son 's baptism as well as more than $ 1,200 for a stay at New York 's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel .
The EU is livid in Copenhagen 's aftermath , and with China and the U.S. agreeing only to token future goals , the director of BusinessEurope is threatening that European corporations will move operations to world regions with less emission regulation ( NYT , `` EU Blames Others for ` Great Failure ' on Climate , '' 12\/23\/09 ) .
It 's only in the battle over Social Security privatization that Democrats are coming to realize that there are political advantages to revisiting their historical defense of government 's role .
And , it pursued an aggressive anti-labor offensive which included breaking strikes ( through compulsory arbitration and police interventions ) and new labor laws ( which encouraged the use of temporary workers and made unionization more difficult ) .
The community-based doula programs and the Nurse-Family Partnership are devoted to families who face not only poverty but a range of social problems , including child abuse , substance abuse , and crime .
In chapters on sex , family , media , crime and punishment , work , poverty , and patriotism , he deftly outlines how the unbridled pursuit of self-interest in a market economy overwhelms concern for others and the subsidiary moral values that people say they care so much about .
And statistics can not begin to capture the sufferings , the impoverishment , the fear and insecurity of tens of millions of our fellow citizens who pick up after us , harvest and serve our food , care for our children , care for our elderly , and , disproportionately , fight our wars .
The problem is that private insurers have every opportunity to game the system : By skimming off the youngest , healthiest patients and leaving the rest for the government to cover , they drive down their own costs and make the public option look outrageously expensive by comparison .
Libertarians and conservatives who argue for economic freedom and against government control tend to make both principled and practical arguments for their positions .
In fact , CFR members in the Roosevelt administration dominated both the 1944 Bretton Woods Conference that created the IMF\/World Bank system and the parallel 1944 Dumbarton Oaks Conference that created the United Nations Charter .
He sounds tough-minded and sure of himself , and he sounds angry about the price of gas , but he 's channeling that anger toward faceless businessmen manipulating the energy market ( read : Republicans ) .
Some , like the traditional opponents , fought the legislative battle , using public fear and political manipulation to try to stop the bill from passing or to influence it so it fails to achieve the goal of universal coverage .
But the ideals are still worth working for : protecting the weak from the strong , overcoming prejudice , providing broad opportunity to everyone , creating a vibrant democracy .
His last-minute flailing was not the main cause of McCain 's defeat , but it was representative of the fundamental flaw in modern Republican governance that deprived traditional attacks against Democrats of their force and paved the way for a historic liberal victory .
All economists agree that when sellers or buyers promote their private interest by externalizing costs onto those not a party to the market exchange , or by appropriating benefits from other parties without compensation , their behavior introduces inefficiencies that lead to a misallocation of productive resources , and consequently , a decrease in welfare .
Americans were shocked by an April spree at a religious school in Oakland that killed seven ; the brutal theater shooting in Aurora , Colorado , in July that killed 12 ; the Sikh Temple massacre in Wisconsin in August that claimed six lives ; and the September Minneapolis sign-plant slaughter of five ; among others .
Job loss is a risk faced by all workers , and that means unemployment insurance must be truly universal , with strong national standards and improved long-term funding .
Beset by criticism from both parties ( if enjoying some disturbingly positive remarks from Rudy Giuliani and the Wall Street Journal ) , Obama has held his ground , arguing that he represents `` change .
Solar panels , wind turbines , rainwater collection systems , designs that maximize natural light , and building monitoring systems that deploy elevators with maximum efficiency and regulate other energy uses are becoming more common , but the greatest green attribute skyscrapers offer is the density they create .
But he never explained how ordinary Americans would be able to take advantage of opportunities without good public schools , affordable higher education , good roads , and adequate health care .
This neglect is rather odd : Libertarians are well aware of systemic incentives and unintended consequences at the policy level , but most ignore similar problems in the higher-level political system .
Yet , since biomass combustion releases more CO2 per unit of energy generated , it would not be favored by even such an incomplete accounting scheme ( so this type of accounting would be reasonably effective in preventing bioenergy expansion ) .
Poets , artists , and philosophers may prove as critical as scientists in creating a compelling imaginative vision that can provide the foundation for a viable human future .
These countries ' restrictive laws against civilians owning guns , which make owning a gun for defensive purposes either difficult or nearly impossible , are credited with producing much lower rates of gun deaths in those countries than in America .
Full Text : IF YOU 'RE UNHAPPY WITH THE MESS GEORGE W. Bush has made of the federal corporate income tax , you 'll be less happy to learn that things are even worse in the states .
If we look at this closely , it is specific class and racial interests that play out in the context of imperialist relations that put academia in place to stress concern for vanishing cultures , near-extinct species and threatened antiquities over concern for the lives and dignity of people .
That reform would cut so much waste and profiteering that it would allow the United States to gradually cut health-care costs from their current level of nearly 15 percent of the gross domestic product to something closer to the European average of 9 percent .
On the contrary , the program continues to enjoy overwhelming public support , and since the late 1990s , its costs per beneficiary have grown more slowly than those of private insurers .
A danger to this central purpose of the liberal arts college , says Wriston , comes when collectivism threatens to overwhelm society .
In its eagerness to promote the teaching of creationism in public schools , encourage school prayer , support anti-sodomy statutes , ban abortions , bar gay marriage , limit the use of stem cells , reduce access to contraceptives , and advance the idea of America as a `` Christian nation , '' the Bush administration has done more to politicize religion than any administration in recent American history .
A particularly remarkable result is that gigantic Los Angeles -- 50 percent Hispanic and frequently perceived as a dangerous urban hellhole -- has violent crime rates close to those of Portland , Oregon , the whitest major city in the nation at 74 percent .
Job loss is a risk faced by all workers , and that means unemployment insurance must be truly universal , with strong national standards and improved long-term funding .
While purporting to support freedom and free markets , these leaders often engage in a type of crony capitalism instead of true liberalization-oriented reforms .
But the former could be starved of public funds and deprived of regulatory oversight ; and the latter could be neutered by a hostile treasury secretary and by weak or hostile presidential appointees to the Securities and Exchange Commission or the new Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
`` When Alan Greenspan made sure the Long Term Capita ) Management hedge fund was bailed out in 1998 , '' Woods notes , `` Wall Street firms naturally concluded that if a hedge fund was n't allowed to fail , then surely no investment bank would be permitted to go under .
The article 's anonymous author , after speaking of the simple beauty and elegance of guns ( and not their practical aspects ) , gives an unconvincing summation as to why guns should not be outlawed : `` I know they seem a dangerous luxury to some , that young lives and whole neighborhoods ... have been destroyed by guns .
He claims to oppose Obama 's plan but instead wants the government to lower prices on alternative energy sources , `` because I think you 're going to get faster acceleration of new innovation if you lower the price of good products ... rather than raise the price of obsolete products .
We care only about economic efficiency , the argument goes , and have no regard for the consequences of pollution and other examples of environmental degradation .
Rather than taking immediate action to address their failures , they will concentrate on producing a revised target ( to reduce biodiversity loss ) for 2020 and a ` vision ' for 2050 , as well as creating further delays by expressing the need for better biodiversity indicators .
Indeed , the overall level of financial concentration is much greater than can be seen by looking at the big banks alone , since what has emerged in recent years are financial conglomerates , centered in banking and insurance , and engaged in a wide range of financial transactions that dominate the U.S. economy , including off-balance sheet commitments .
Making matters worse , the president proposed budgets that simultaneously cut funding for alternative fuel and hybrid-engine research while creating a new , $ 100,000 tax write-off for people who purchase gas-guzzling Hummers .
Rights to education and other requirements for human development and security aim to advance equal opportunity and personal dignity and to promote a more creative and productive society .
They will have to confront the disabling impact of economic recession on environmental regulation-almost always seen as an enemy of `` jobs '' - as well as the old canard that they are hopeless romantics standing athwart the thrust of progress .
Danielle Brian , executive director of the Project on Government Oversight , says the program is `` exploiting '' native Alaskans because only `` tiny amounts '' from the huge profits in government contracts trickle down to the intended beneficiaries of the program .
BP 's drilling logs also indicate the corporation cut short another important safety procedure called a `` bottoms up '' test , where the drilling `` mud '' is cycled through the well , bringing material at the bottom of the well up to the rig for testing .
One organizer fondly recalls how Clinton administration Labor Secretary Robert Reich , acting under so-called hot-goods statutes , seized some clothing made by Los Angeles-area sweatshops that violated wage and hours laws , until Target and Macy 's agreed to demand legal compliance from its subcontractors .
He 's angry , he 's gon na cut this country down to size , he 's gon na make it pay for all the multicultural mistakes that it has made , its mistreatment of minorities .
And `` once we think positively about the State as a source of legitimate , useful activity , '' why , we can get about the serious business of the state paying `` those people performing useful labor in families , mothers caring for children , adults caring for aged parents .
She has taken great pains to make certain that the class of 20O6 is demonstrating progress on the promises it made during its campaigns , ensuring , in a jarring break with tradition , that they manage signature pieces of legislation on the House floor , including the `` 6 in ' 06 '' Democratic platform .
Energy companies have made it abundantly clear that any forward movement on CCS , as well as other clean-coal technology , depends on the government 's shouldering a good share of the expense .
In other words , they argue that humanity should attack global warming the same way we have successfully attacked every other major environmental problem our species has faced .
He also faces problems in foreign affairs and the economy that are more serious than Clinton faced , and those problems also create opportunities for Obama to break through the resistance to change .
Once the principle is accepted that the U.S. government can label Americans as enemies of the state and kill them without judicial nicety , the bureaucratic wish list of targets will continually expand .
So an effective response to the administration proposals also has to counter the implications of the language that supporters use to frame the program as the poor box of an aging parish-words like `` insolvency '' and `` unfunded liabilities , '' along with warnings that a `` tidal wave '' of baby boomers will make the program unsustainable .
After the 2008 collapse , the worst since the Great Depression , the rich , rather than having the modesty to temper their demands , this time have made the calculated bet that they are politically invulnerable -- Wall Street moguls angrily and successfully rejected executive-compensation limits even for banks that had been bailed out by taxpayer funds .
Because the primary effect of repealing the estate tax would be to reduce the long-run tax burden of the wealthiest 1 percent or 2 percent , people who said that the rich are asked to pay too little in taxes should have been especially likely to oppose repeal .
But under the current system , offenders who could be more cheaply deterred or rehabilitated instead incur the most expensive - and , from the perspective of its effect on the community , damaging - form of punishment possible .
The combination was largely responsible for creating the segregated neighborhoods and schools we know today , with truly disadvantaged minority students isolated in poor , increasingly desperate communities where teachers struggle unsuccessfully to overcome their families ' multiple needs .
Klein argues that Democrats would win more elections if they focused on gun control and global warming , favored issues of the latte set .
But trade is such a threat because it is , and especially in the 1980s it was , a threat to companies as well as to their jobs .
What was needed was both an ability to grasp this evil , but also a capacity for shrewd , calm , rational strategy in response , a capacity to resist the simple instinct to respond overwhelmingly in kind , or to deploy only blunt force as a weapon to defuse a metastasizing , complex political and religious cancer .
They should propose a payroll-tax cut -- the one breed of tax cut that Republi-cans are n't madly enthusiastic about -- and force John Boehner and Mitch McConnell on the defensive .
Occupiers live in tent camps to protest economic inequality and its impact on working people , students , the poor and the young , calling it a protest by the 99 % of the people who are exploited by a system that only benefits the top 1 % .
It is a victory for the social movements and NGOs that have argued since before the Uruguay Round agreements were signed that free trade was not the right framework for agriculture .
Abstract : Seizing on projected deficits as their rationale , Republicans have called for a drastic solution : eliminating the traditional , public Medicare program in favor of a voucher for private insurance , which would save the government money by paying a diminished share of health costs and shifting more of the burden to seniors .
Both open-source software and Creative Commons , a nonprofit set up in 2001 to create the intellectual and legal framework to share or remix creative work found online , share intellectual DNA with OER .
The workers of France , Belgium , Ireland , the Netherlands , and Norway all produce the same goods and services as the United States or more , and thereby enjoy higher productivity per hour worked than do U.S. workers .3 The reasons for this are myriad , but almost all of them contradict conservative conventional wisdom .
The implications for political framing are obvious - opportunityenhancing affirmative-action programs are supported because they reinforce the belief that the allocation of jobs and economic rewards should be based on individual effort , training , and talent .
The regulation that has remained , antitrust or otherwise , has done as much , or more , to guarantee the existence of profitable firms and industries as it has to protect and preserve public interest values threatened by commercial interests .
To his critics , Young embodies the worst of the free-school project : elitism , an unwillingness to improve existing schools , and an arrogant belief that someone with no experience in education can swoop in and solve the shortcomings of Britain 's education system .
In an age of mass migration , at least in one direction , this gives it a great advantage over Europe , where nationhood is founded on a socio-biological past and which therefore has much greater difficulty , in absorbing large numbers of immigrants .
That 's because Melville 's story casts a skeptical eye on the opportunistic bustle of American life and because the plot is filled with startling discontinuities and loose ends .
Other countries have deliberate policies to link innovation in renewable energy to manufacturing advantage-commercializing the products resulting from subsidized research and development , subsidizing education of skilled workers , and using domestic green-energy requirements to help launch export champions and thereby create domestic jobs .
Hence , profits were increasingly directed away from investment in the expansion of productive capacity and toward financial speculation , while the financial sector seemed to generate unlimited types of financial products designed to make use of this money capital .
Or consider the fact that credit card companies have not always made it easy for people to pay their bills automatically online -- and that when they do so , they often make the minimum the default payment , rather than the full amount , and thus subject you to high interest rate charges .
For that reason , progressives should agitate for legislation making minimum wage increases automatic , though with provisions allowing congressional intervention during special economic circumstances .
Workers ' compensation violations are now seen as a possible tip-off that other laws are being ignored , and the agency is looking at research showing correlations between health violations and labor problems , an issue well documented in the restaurant industry .
The reason , he argued , is that `` all costs of aggressive , uncontrolled competition are eventually borne , directly or indirectly , by the public .
`` This paranoid and groundless frenzy has been fomented and promoted by a shameless collection of lunatics and losers ; crooks , cranks , demagogues and opportunists , who claim the existence of a top-secret master plan to join the U.S. , Canada and Mexico in one big super-state and to replace the good old Yankee dollar with a worthless new currency called the Amero .
What 's more , virtually every subsidiary Republican attackfrom gay marriage ( Homosexual Party ) to taxes ( Nanny Party ) to abortion ( whatever you say , dear ) - has exploited traditional gender stereotypes and reinforced the theme of Democratic wimpery .
These guys , through their greed , created the most severe economic recession since the Great Depression .
He also carefully traces the construction of the legal mechanisms of the Terror , which made it easier and easier to send `` suspects '' to the guillotine with only a parody of due process , and so encouraged private grudges and resentments to play themselves out in the public sphere with fatal results .
In other words , if the aid money had been with-held , defense companies like General Dynamics and Lockheed Martin would have seen a disruption in their production of tanks and F-16 fighter jets , thereby prompting layoffs in an economy still struggling to create jobs .
They already blamed the U.S. for poor planning ; for infecting Baghdad with self-serving political appointees , money-grubbing contractors , and dangerous mercenaries ; and for failing to fulfill its promise to help restore basic services .
These ideas have always enjoyed a firm foundation of support among the rich who want low taxes , among business leaders desiring minimal public oversight ( and risk that they might be sent to jail ) , and among bankers who generally prefer high interest rates on their loans , if not their deposits .
Our policy makers have cut tariffs and allowed China and other low-cost producers to flood our stores with goods made by workers usually earning less than a dollar an hour .
Greedy bastards are making almost unimaginable fortunes by skimming money from the customers they are supposed to serve and giving virtually nothing in return .
In most modern capitalist economies , the Great Depression of the 1930s produced government regulations and nationalizations because of pressure from working-class organizations ( labor unions and left political parties ) .
His point is very simple : it is unreasonable , even utopian , not to expect people to grow resentful , and desirous of revenge , when your government bombs them , supports police states in their countries , and imposes murderous sanctions on them .
Self-described `` constitutional candidate '' and Tea Party favorite Michele Bachmann ( R-Minn . )
This illustrates how hopes derived from misplaced patriotism and nurtured by clever propaganda can survive unnumbered disappointments , broken promises , and wrong predictions .
Much of this book has been devoted to destroying this myth and to arguing that we could actually have a more dynamic and more efficient economy and a fairer society .
Under Weingartens leadership , the AFTs lobbying priorities include the expected agenda items , fighting for better benefits and working conditions for teachers and school support staff , and increasing state and federal funding for schools .
The main problem with this argument was that wiretaps for Fast and Furious were , according to CBS News , authorized by the second-in-command at Justice , Lanny Breuer .55 Because wiretap applications must be scrupulously detailed and reviewed , it is highly unlikely Breuer would be ignorant of the specifics of the operation , including the gunwalking tactics .
Barry did n't make the argument explicitly , but the hidden point of hauling him onto the shows was to suggest : The 1927 flood helped lead to the New Deal , because the lack of a unified response made the people back then realize that they needed the government to step in where the private sector would not .
There is a reason that the late nineteenth-century populists Frank admires were nativists : While low-skilled immigration may benefit the United States as a whole , it rarely benefits low-skilled Americans .
As these are the leaders and organizers who wake up every day thinking about how to build power for those who are not wealthy or well connected , any progressive version of the Powell Memo has got to play with them or it does n't play .
Subprime loans were abusive , if not fraudulent , on their face , for they typically involved a low teaser rate that would reset after two or three years to a rate determined by the then-prevailing short-term interest rates .
It is the class warfare of tax cuts and budget priorities that make the rich richer while further decimating low - and middle-income families .